Accurids | Registry for Every Thing | FAIR data
Product
Company
About Us
Careers
Resources
Request a Demo
  Register Every Thing 
   become a hub in the data ecosystem  
Get Started
What is the foundation of any data-driven organization?
An accurate and shared understanding of reference and master data objects!
This is how you register Every Thing
And therefore gain adherence to the FAIR data principles
        STEP 1:
      
Register
All important reference and master data objects are registered with application-agnostic, long-term stable identifiers.
        STEP 2:
      
Match
Duplicates from different sources are automatically detected and reviewed and approved by data stewards.
        STEP 3:
      
Govern
Clear roles and processes ensure that data references are of high quality and managed according to guidelines.
        STEP 4:
      
...Share
The adoption of reference and master data is increased through simple and transparent sharing mechanisms.
Advantages of using Accurids
 
Accelerate the adoption of reference and master data across your organization with reliable and long-lasting persistent identifiers that are easy to govern.
Use IDMP and G-SRS Data built-in as a Service in 1-click
With our partners, we have developed an ontology for the ISO IDMP standard that helps to connect information on substances and other regulatory relevant information from different departments. 
Create Data Transparency
With the overview of reference data, their interpretations, and mappings, you can deploy that knowledge in your data processing infrastructure - to understand the content flow live and automatically.
The Fastest Tree View Exploration
Reference data can be quite large trees with millions of concepts. To navigate this structure effectively, we’ve created the fastest tree view and search on the market - you can try it out!
 
Automatic Data Matching
ACCURIDS automatically detects data similarities and links and provides those to data stewards for review and then to users for an intuitive data search and exploration. 
 
A Wealth of Public Data Available
ACCURIDS has made it simple for you to create a well organised view of public reference data standards that help you in all external data communications to be more efficient. 
Get Started in a Few Weeks
ACCURIDS runs as a cloud service, but you can also set it up in your own cloud environment. Our experts help you to realise a convincing business case for your management within a few weeks. 
CASE STUDY
An ROI of 16m$ for Shared Reference and Master Data in an Organization with 10k People!
Data Strategy implementation and data analytics success strongly depend on how effectively you manage reference and master data – because they have the biggest impact on interoperabiltiy and data quality. While the general importance is widely recognized, it is often a challenge to get senior stakeholder buy-in to make required investments. In a recent article, Malcolm Chisholm and Heiner Oberkampf describe the main business argumentation lines and calculate the ROI based on an example scenario - according to which an organization with 10 thousand people can save 16m$ annually!
Get the Report
Large companies use ACCURIDS on enterprise-level to share millions of reference and master data assets.
Accurids is Enterprise-Ready
Security
Single Sign-on
OAuth2
Microsoft Azure AD
Role-based Access
Scalability
Cluster Capability
High-Availability
High-Performance
Cloud & Docker
Lean Administration
Compliance
Data Privacy
Data Policies
Data Licensing
 
Integrations
SPARQL Connector
GraphQL API
Industry Leaders Deploy Accurids to become a Player in the Data Ecosystem
The initial version of ACCURIDS was co-developed with leading pharmaceutical companies. Today, we have several customers from the top 20 life-science companies and we run pilots within agrochemical, retail, banking, and regulatory.
We Build on Strong Partnerships
Let's Get Started?
→ Learn more about ACCURIDS
→ Schedule a demo
→ Discuss your solution options
Accurids GmbHEisenbahnweg 9-1152068 Aachen 
Mail: office(at)accurids(dot)comTel: +49 (0)241-94314-540
 
© 2020 Accurids  All rights reserved I LinkedIn I YouTube I Imprint
            Powered by Atlas - a B2B SaaS HubSpot theme
            