Welcome | Grunenthal
  
Contact
Press Room
 Search
          A World free of Pain
            
          Company
            
          Responsibility
            
          Science
            
          Careers
        
          Creditors
        
          Media
            
                    Understanding Pain
                  
                    Initiatives & Grants
                  
                  Grünenthal is a global leader in pain management. Our purpose is to change lives for the better – and  our vision is a world free of pain. Innovation is our passion. We are driven to seek effective, life-changing medicines and solutions for patients with severe diseases and high unmet medical needs.
                  
 ... A World free of Pain
 ... Understanding Pain
                      We are dedicated to creating a better future for our patients, so getting involved with diverse initiatives that support this goal is vital.
                      
 ... Initiatives & Grants
                    We are Grünenthal
                  
                    History
                  
                    Leadership
                  
                    Supervisory Board
                  
                    Partnering
                      
                    Global presence & sites
                      
                    Products
                  
                    Our positions
                  
                  Grünenthal is a global leader in pain management. Our purpose is to change lives for the better – and innovation is our passion. We are driven to seek effective, life-changing medicines and solutions for patients with severe diseases and high unmet medical needs.
                  
 ... Company
                      A world free of pain. This is our shared vision.
To bring it to life, we execute our strategy and work on our company’s culture – everyday, everywhere, every one of us. 
                      
 ... We are Grünenthal
                      Although firmly rooted in Germany, today we are very much a growing global Business.
                      
 ... History
A mix of strong entrepreneurial spirit, close collaboration and outstanding performance define our approach to leadership alongside a commitment to diversity and inclusivity.
 ... Leadership
                      The Supervisory Board advises and controls the Corporate Executive Board and is elected by the shareholders’ summit.
                      
 ... Supervisory Board
                              Areas of interest
                            
                              Public Private Partnerships
                            
                              Contract Manufacturing Business
                            
                      Grünenthal is a global leader in pain management. Our purpose is to change lives for the better – and innovation is our passion. We are driven to seek effective, life-changing medicines and solutions for patients with severe diseases and high unmet medical needs.
                      
 ... Partnering
                              Affiliates in Europe
                            
                              Affiliates in USA & Latin America
                            
                              Manufacturing Sites
                            
                      In view of our vision of a world free of pain, Grünenthal strives to provide effective medication to patients worldwide. Therefore, we continuously grow and expand our market presence and product portfolio, and we collaborate with commercial partners and multiple stakeholders from the pain management field and beyond.
                      
 ... Global presence & sites
                      Grünenthal’s product portfolio, brands, ingredients and indication range.
                      
 ... Products
 ... Our positions
                    Our Corporate Responsibility Programme
                      
                    Compliance, Ethics and Transparency
                      
                    Patient - The people we serve
                      
                    People – Our employees, partners and communities
                      
                    Planet - The environment we depend on 
                      
                    Thalidomide
                  
                  At Grünenthal, conducting our business responsibly is a core part of our company’s strategy and culture. As a global leader in pain management, Grünenthal aspires to create a positive impact for society – in our core business and beyond. We are guided by integrity, transparency and the highest ethical standards.
                  
 ... Responsibility
                              The four modules of our Corporate Responsibility Programme  
                            
                              Our Fields of Action
                            
                              ESG Risk Rating
                            
                      Corporate responsibility is at the core of our business strategy and culture. It runs through everything we do. We want to create a net positive impact for patients, employees, partners and wider society, and work towards reducing our impact on the environment.
                      
 ... Our Corporate Responsibility Programme
                              Compliance
                            
                              Ethical Business
                            
                              Transparency
                            
                      It is our fundamental responsibility to act with integrity and maintain the highest ethical standards in everything we do. Our aim is to build trust and give confidence to patients, employees, partners and the communities we serve.
                      
 ... Compliance, Ethics and Transparency
                              Overview of measures
                            
                              Education on Responsible Use
                            
                              Awareness and Accessibility
                            
                              Palliative Care
                            
                              R&D for unmet pain needs
                            
                      Having access to appropriate pain treatment is a basic human right. As a leader in pain management, we help to educate healthcare professionals and patients on how to use these medicines responsibly. We also raise awareness and increase accessibility to current treatments while developing new medicines for unmet medical needs.
                      
 ... Patient - The people we serve
                              Overview of measures
                            
                              Employee and Partner Development
                            
                              Corporate Citizenship
                            
                      How can we have a positive impact on the lives of the people we work with, our partners and wider society? Find out what we do to foster trust and promote diversity and inclusion, how we empower our employees to be their best and look after their health and wellbeing, and how we contribute to improving the quality of life for people and communities around us.
                      
 ... People – Our employees, partners and communities
                              Overview of measures
                            
                              Our responsible impact on the environment
                            
                      To reduce our impact on the environment wherever possible, we need to engage our employees, partners and customers in our efforts to use resources sustainably and reduce waste.
                      
 ... Planet - The environment we depend on 
 ... Thalidomide
                    R&D approach
                      
                    Collaboration 
                  
                    Pipeline 
                  
                    Strategic therapeutic areas
                      
                    Clinical trials
                      
                  Our company has a clear vision of a world free of pain and we maintain a laser-sharp focus on this vision in everything we do – especially in our research and development activities.
                  
 ... Science
                               Innovation Hubs
                            
                      We follow a holistic and solution-agnostic approach to deliver highly effective pain treatments, building our programmes on a firm foundation of human pathophysiology and solid human target validation.
                      
 ... R&D approach
 ... Collaboration 
 ... Pipeline 
                              Peripheral neuropathic pain
                            
                              Chronic post-surgical pain
                            
                              Chronic low back pain
                            
                              Osteoarthritis 
                            
                      Grünenthal’s therapeutic area strategy is pursuing four key indications: peripheral neuropathic pain, chronic postoperative pain, chronic low back pain, and osteoarthritis.
                      
 ... Strategic therapeutic areas
                              Clinical trial portal
                            
                              Clinical data sharing 
                            
                      As a research-based pharmaceutical company, Grünenthal recognizes the importance of publicly registering clinical trials and making information including results available.
                      
 ... Clinical trials
                    Our Stories 
                  
                    Press releases
                      
                    Statements
                  
                    Corporate publications
                  
                    Image resources 
                  
                    Video resources 
                  
                  Explore our media section  and access a range of materials relating to our company, people, medicines and medical devices.
                  
 ... Media
                      Grünenthal is a global leader in pain management and related diseases. Our purpose is to change lives for the better – and innovation is our passion. We are focusing all of our activities and efforts on moving towards our vision of a world free of pain. Explore our recent stories to see what drives us.
                      
 ... Our Stories 
                              2023
                            
                              2022
                            
                              2021
                            
                              2020
                            
                              2019
                            
                      In this section you will find both current and archived press releases published from 2013 onwards by Grünenthal GmbH, Germany.
                      
 ... Press releases
 ... Statements
                      Journalists are invited to use our corporate publications for their reporting. The list contains business related publication like the company presentation or the code of conduct. .
                      
 ... Corporate publications
                      Journalists are invited to use images from our library to illustrate their reporting. The library contains company and R&D related pictures.
                      
 ... Image resources 
                      The library contains a set of company footage. Journalists are invited to use the video material to illustrate their reporting.
                      
 ... Video resources 
                        Search results
                    
                        Search
                    
Get to know Dalena Brockwell
            Learn more
        
 
Grünenthal Stories
            View All
          
People Development at Grünenthal
Job shadowing is one of our opportunities for people development. It provides valuable on-the-job experiences to broaden existing competencies. Our Senior Global Safety Lead, Maria Stupar, has just completed her secondment to our Toxicology department, and is sharing her learnings.                      
                      23 March 2023
                    
An interview with our Global Medical Education Lead Nina Furlanic
Nina Furlanic is responsible for setting up the strategy and executing the global initiatives that are linked to medical education at CHANGE PAIN®.                      
                      27 February 2023
                    
Grünenthal's R&D operating model leverages the power of collaborations
Agile, flexible and in cooperation with a strong network of hand-picked partners for routine and specialised tasks, Grünenthal can carry out R&D projects in any modality to create innovative medicines for pain patients - learn more…                      
                      23 February 2023
                    
Science Made Me… with Dalena Brockwell
Dalena Brockwell, Head of Regulatory Affairs US, has always wanted to work in science. She experienced first-hand what it's like to have no access to the right pain medicines. Learn more about her story and how she contributes to our vision of a world free of pain.                      
                      10 February 2023
                    
Committed to Science & Sustainability
Over the past months, our colleagues have been engaged in improving the environmental footprint of our Research labs – and we are excited to report that we just obtained the coveted My Green Lab® certification.                      
                      02 February 2023
                    
Encouraging global results and even more entities certified a Great Place to Work®
Over 3,500 Grünenthal employees gave feedback during the global Great Place to Work® survey end of 2022. 81% of them consider Grünenthal a great place to work. In addition, 19 countries and all our sites have received certificates – more than ever.                      
                      24 January 2023
                    
Janneke van der Kamp starts as new Chief Commercial Officer at Grünenthal            
Janneke van der Kamp starts as the new Chief Commercial Officer (CCO) of Grünenthal on March first 2023. She succeeds Mark Fladrich, who retired on February 28, 2023. Janneke van der Kamp joins Grünenthal’s executive board and is responsible for the entire Global Commercial Organisation.  
...
            Press release
        
Our hearts go out to all those affected by the devastating earthquake that struck Türkiye and Syria this week. The loss of life and property is tragic, and our thoughts are with the people and communities affected by this disaster. Many of our colleagues have family and friends in the region. We stand by you during this difficult time.
In the face of such hardship, we must come together to support those in need. Grünenthal has donated €250,000 to support relief efforts in the affected areas.
We encourage all of our friends, colleagues, and partners to consider donating to the relief effort in any way they can. 
                    Grünenthal relies on solar power for its corporate headquarters
                
Our Aachen R&D and production site is soon home to the region's largest solar power plant. With over 4.000 solar panels, we will generate enough energy to power 500 households. Our goal is to reach net zero emissions by 2030, and this solar power plant will play a key role in reducing up to 366 tonnes of CO2 annually. 
...
            Learn more about our initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint
        
                    Grünenthal announces Joint Venture Collaboration with Kyowa Kirin International for established medicines portfolio with sales of ~€200 million.
                
The transaction combines Grünenthals unrivalled expertise in pain management with Kyowa Kirin’s portfolio of valuable medicines anchored in pain management. Grünenthal intends to acquire the full portfolio at the beginning of 2026. 
...
            Grünenthal and Kyowa Kirin International announce Joint Venture Collaboration for established medicines portfolio
        
                    Grünenthal announced that the company has enrolled the first patient in its global clinical Phase III programme for resiniferatoxin (RTX).
                
RTX is a highly potent Transient Receptor Potential Vanilloid 1 (TRPV1) agonist, with a well-validated mechanism of action. The discovery of TRPV1 was awarded the Nobel Prize of Physiology or Medicine in 2021. If approved, resiniferatoxin may provide patients with long-lasting pain relief with a favourable safety profile. 
...
            Grünenthal starts global clinical Phase III programme for resiniferatoxin (RTX)
        
                    4,500 dedicated employees – 75 years of experience in developing innovative medicines – a fully integrated setup including R&D and five manufacturing sites.
                
These are some of the key figures that have helped us become the leading pain management company in Europe and Latin America.
For the latest insights into our people, our products and our ambitious plans to move closer to our vision of a worldfreeofpain, check out the... 
...
            Grünenthal Report 2021/2022
        
Careers              
Working at Grünenthal means experiencing the impact you can have on the results we achieve and the lives of the patients we serve.
Join forces. 
Make an impact. 
Innovate for a world free of pain.
...
            Visit our careers website
        
                        This website is for all those with an interest in the global business of Grünenthal
                    
Initiatives
Grünenthal Health 
CHANGE PAIN® 
EFIC-Grünenthal Grant 
Societal Impact of Pain
Grünenthal PRO 
Services
Reporting side effects
Follow us on LInkedIN
Follow us on Instagram
Contact
Careers
Memberships
https://efpia.eu/
IFPMA 
 Youtube
 Facebook
                Grünenthal 2023 ©
                
    
General Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Imprint
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement HCP
Privacy Statement for third parties
Privacy Statement for Medical Information
Sitemap
 