Analyx – Agile marketing budget optimization
Skip to content
 
Home
Solution
Impact
Implement
Company
Careers
Contact
Blog|Press
 
50% wasted Marketing budget was yesterday. Today is SpendWorx®
Is this for me?
Play video
Decision support for agile marketing budget allocation
Learn what is unique about it
>3bn€
marketing spend analyzed with our solution in DE alone over 3 years
>2.500
what-if scenarios run independently by clients during last 3 years
10
of DAX 40 companies served since Analyx® foundation
6
industry sectors with SpendWorx® clients among the EU Top500
Do the test: Is SpendWorx® right for you?
Just answer 7 simple questions to find out – anonymously.
And take our word for it: we’ll tell you if other solutions suit you better!
 
START THE TEST
 
SpendWorx® was developed with CMO’s needs in mind.
Learn how it can help to drive your Marketing ROI:
 Optimize budgets across portfolio (MMM 2.0)
 Justify budgets driven by data
 Maximize volume, revenue or profit
 Factor in long-term brand impact
 Incorporate non-media activities
 Run predictive what-if scenarios
 Adapt fast, powered by self-learning AI
 You can host it and even own it (given certain commitment)
Pick your module
SpendWorx® offers a browser-based frontend with all key features for strategic and tactical budget allocation under one roof:
 Optimization of budget allocation
 Simulation of what-if scenarios
 Tactical marketing planning
 Visualization of results and predictions
Define targets & constraints
SpendWorx® adapts its recommendations to your current goals and constraints, for example:
 Maximize sales under given budget or minimize budget needed to achieve defined sales target
 Maximize short term sales or build long-term brand strength
 Define minimum spend levels for certain media channels
 Input expected competitor actions or planned price changes
Get detailed results
SpendWorx® offers a broad range of result visualizations including predictive analytics, for example:
 Overview charts showing the proposed optimized budget allocation
 Detailed graphs and tables showing the changes of the optimal allocation vs. baseline (incl. xls export)
 Predicted effects of optimization on your sales structure
 Resulting impact on your long-term brand strength
Dive deeper into the SpendWorx® features
Request more information about SpendWorx®
							Hi, I am  ,
							and I work at  
							as .
							You can reach me at  or by phone at .
							My message...
I have read the Privacy Policy note.
 Fields with an "*" are required.
						
Analyx® Offices
GERMANY
Analyx® GmbH
Leopoldstraße 15
40211 Düsseldorf
+49 211 9425-4714
 
POLAND
Analyx® sp.z o.o. sp.k.
Krysiewicza 2
61-887 Poznań
+48 61 88577-00
 
 
 
 
 
imprint | privacy policy
Analyx 2006 - 2023
follow us on: twitter | facebook | linkedin