Text Mining & Natural Language Processing analyze texts, gain answers
Primary Menu Products
Health Discovery
Speech2Structure
Patent Monitor
Information Discovery
Industries
Healthcare
Informed Clinical Decision-Making
Real World Studies
Automated Coding and Billing
Life Sciences
Literature classification
AI assisted Pharmacovigilance
Systematic Literature Review
IDMP Text Mining
Text Mining Platform
Terminology Services
Patents
AI Performance Check
Company
About us
Contact
Downloads
Management
PR Reviews & Awards
PR Resources
References
Research
Projects
Publications
Careers
Blog
NLP API
Support
 
  
 
Find. Understand. Predict. 
							 
We analyze your unstructured data and help you get more information from your documents
Book your free consultation now
Our products & solutions
 
We ensure that unstructured data in healthcare can be fully utilized. For better coding and billing, more data for real-world studies and in decision support.
Read more 
							 
 
Gain new insights and unlock the full potential of your unstructured data with AI-powered literature searches.
Read more 
							
 
 
Faster and more accurate patent research:
Analyze patents in your field with our AI based automated patent categorization and monitoring.
Read more 
							
 
Healthcare Life Sciences Patent Research 
Meet us
Webinar CHATGPT
16th May, online
Three experts will talk about their experiences and assessments of ChatGPT in the pharmaceutical industry
More information
BIOTECHX
4th – 6th October, Congress Center Basel
Big Data and Digital Transformation in Pharma and Healthcare
Meet us at our booth
More information coming soon
IP Service World
20th – 22nd November, Munich, Germany
Europe’s largest IP Convention and Trade Fair
Meet us at our booth
More information coming soon
Or we can exchange ideas online. We look forward to meeting you!
100+ satisfied customers and partners successfully working with Averbis products
Our cutting-edge technologies
Searching through your treasure trove of data requires vast amounts of time and resources and leads to no success? It is statistically proven that over 80% of your business-relevant information is hidden in unstructured data. And new information is added every day! Your data, in structured form, is worth its weight in gold, as this is what makes it usable in the first place. Lift this “data treasure” with our cutting-edge technologies!
Text Mining
Using text mining, our solution structures all your documents, literature, or patient reports for you. Natural Language Processing analyzes, classifies and catalogs them. In the future, benefit from comprehensive insights and precise predictions from your entire data treasure trove through our text mining tools – quickly and accurately.
This technology means enormous benefits for medical research, billing automation, literature research, side effect monitoring and patent monitoring.
Machine Learning
Your expert and inside knowledge trains our software. Machine Learning makes the automatic classification of documents easy, fast and accurate. The system automates a large part of your work, leaving you time for the important things.
Semantic Search
Sometimes you’re looking for a needle in a haystack. We help you with that! With our semantic search, you can quickly find the information you need in your document collection. Our solution also recognizes synonyms and sub-terms, making your work easier, thanks to high precision and an amazing completeness.
Terminology Management
Do you use special terminologies in your work environment? Our solution takes this into account as well. Terminology Management allows you to maintain and expand external and internal terminologies and ontologies. Term hierarchies help to organize individual subject areas linguistically and formally, and establish rules about the relationships between the respective terms. 
Tell us about your project 
Please send us a message if you would like to talk about a use case or if you would like to find out how Averbis can help you in your business.
Find out what potential your data has
Request a demo
Get pricing information
Learn more about application areas in your industry 
Free & non-binding

Salzstr. 15
79098 Freiburg
Germany

Mail: info(Replace this parenthesis with the @ sign)averbis.com
bb
Telefax: +49 (0) 761 708 394 10

Phone: +49 (0)761 708 394 0
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Tell us about your project *First & Last Name *FirstLastJobtitle / Role *Company *Email *We use your data exclusively in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can object to its use at any time.PhoneSend 
 
Blog
2. May 2023By Simone FehrenbachWebinar – ChatGPT in the Pharmaceutical Industry
14. March 2023By Nicola GepperthPrivate: Medical NLP now available in the Cloud
1. March 2023By Anna TumminaroWebinar – Patent Monitoring with AI
Load More…
Twitter
Averbis GmbH
@averbis
·
08. November 2022
                    It’s Day 1 at the @BioTechX in #Basel!
Don’t miss out the presentation of our co-founder Kornel Marko at 2.50pm with the topic “Success factors for implementing (new) #NLP use cases, from business need to a - fit for purpose – solution”.
#ai #pharma                                     
Twitter
1589954511929413632
Averbis GmbH
@averbis
·
08. November 2022
                    It’s Day 1 at the @BioTechX_  in #Basel! Meet our team at our booth 70, hall 4.1! We are more than excited to have interesting conversations all about AI, NLP and much more! 
#biotechX #pharma #AI #conference #nlp                                     
Twitter
1589955457736925184
Averbis GmbH
@averbis
·
09. November 2022
                    "𝗚𝗿𝘂𝗲𝘇𝗶" from the @BioTechX_  in #Basel. We hope you enjoy the great opportunity to meet and #network with professionals from all over the world. Use your chance until tomorrow to meet us live and in person at our booth 70. We're waiting for you!
#teamspirit #biotechx #ai                                     
Twitter
1590321538154496000
 
Load More...
Imprint
Privacy Policy
 
  2020 © Copyrights Averbis GmbH
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent