Beelinguapp | Learn languages with music & audiobooks
Beelinguapp
How it works 
Library
All
BeKids
Beginner
Intermediate
Advanced
Blog 
FAQ 
Learn Languages
English
Spanish
Portuguese
French
Italian
German
Japanese
Russian
Chinese
Hindi
Turkish
Korean
Arabic
Swedish
 English
English
Español
Deutsch
Svenska
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Português
Français
Türkçe
हिंदी
Get the app
Learn languages with stories you love.
Our mission is to make learning a language as simple and fun as reading your favorite book.
Download now
Acquire languages naturallyby reading and listening to audiobooks, news and songs.
We use the neuroscience of language acquisition, the simplest way to gain understanding and develop fluency. Using the parallel texts method, we unlock the brain's natural ability to learn languages in context.
Reading skills 
Our library features stories and news articles for learners at all levels as audiobooks. Because of our parallel texts methodology, learners can challenge themselves by reading more advanced stories.
Listening comprehension 
Many of our stories are narrated by native speakers to help learners fully immerse in their target language. Learners test their knowledge with quizzes at the end of stories.
Building vocabulary 
Learn new words with each story you read. We suggest key words for each story, and you can easily select words to add to your glossary. Practice and retain your new vocabulary words with flashcards and more.
Pick a language and start reading today
Join +4 million people learning languages with Beelinguapp. Our library of audiobooks has something for everyone, from the earliest beginner to the most advanced polyglot. Read classics like Snow White and Sherlock Holmes, cultural guides to global cities, daily news articles, and kids books with simplified sentences and illustrations. All translated and narrated in 14 languages. 
Get started
Why Beelinguapp?
Engaging stories
Learn by reading your favorite type of story. Our library includes science & technology, history, culture, mystery, adventure and more. Stories are written with cues to help you understand the sentence, even if you don't understand each word.
Science-backed method
Think of your native language as training wheels that we keep close by to give you  confidence as you read. Peek at the native translation if you need a hand.
Learning tools
Test your knowledge with comprehension quizzes, flashcards, and more. Measure your progress as you master more advanced words and read more challenging stories.
Language Learning App for iOS andAndroid
Download Beelinguapp now and start learning 14 languages for free!
Why people love Beelinguapp
+60,000 ratings on the Google Play Store and Apple App Store can't be wrong.
4.8
4.6
                            Excellent tool for improving reading comprehension and building vocabulary.
Guillermo S.
The Netherlands
                            Exactly as the pictures show. Interesting method in teaching bilingual readings. Wide variety of material without downplaying the virtual assistant directs us in the methodology adopted in teaching and reinforcing the chosen language. It's a good tool for both learning and for improving the language, based on reading (and phonetic) in parallel ... Thank you ! I think the course is excellent.
Vinay S.
Noida, India
                        I like this app very fun way to learn new language 👍. Recommend it!
Aisha Z.
Almaty, Kazakhstan
                        The app is useful for reading material such as current news and stories. Recently watching ads to get access to certain material has occurred but overall as long as it stays quality, free, and does what it's suppose to without becoming ad-city I am on board for a few more years!
Nailah D.
New York, USA
Read our blog
                          	Blog
                        
12 Most Difficult French Words To Pronounce
                          	Blog
                        
How To  Say “Dad” In Different Languages
                          	Blog
                        
Positive Compliments In English To Make Someone’s Day
                          	Blog
                        
How To Say “Mom” In Different Languages
Beelinguapp
 English
English
Español
Deutsch
Svenska
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Português
Français
Türkçe
हिंदी
Learn Languages
Learn with Audiobooks in English
Learn with Audiobooks in Spanish
Learn with Audiobooks in Portuguese
Learn with Audiobooks in French
Learn with Audiobooks in Italian
Learn with Audiobooks in German
Learn with Audiobooks in Japanese
Learn with Audiobooks in Russian
Learn with Audiobooks in Chinese
Learn with Audiobooks in Hindi
Learn with Audiobooks in Turkish
Learn with Audiobooks in Korean
Learn with Audiobooks in Arabic
Learn with Audiobooks in Swedish
Social
Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube
Company
About us
Redeem coupon
Beelinguapp for Education
Beelinguapp for Business
In the media
Imprint
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Contact
© 2016-2022 Beelinguapp. All rights reserved. Made with 🧡   in Berlin, DE and Tampico, MX