Home - bi excellence software GmbH
Products
majaAI
biExport
biAnalytics
open bi CMS
open bi Technology
Company
About us
Chronics
Career
Contact
Blog
Login
"Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better."
Pat Riley
Scroll down
We are excellence
For us, excellence is not a promise of performance - it is the basis of our work. For more than 10 years we have been developing software solutions in the field of Business Intelligence. At our company headquarters in Dossenheim, Germany, our team of about 15 employees focuses on user-friendly programs.
The foundation is our own open bi repository framework, which we developed ourselves. The areas SAP export, Business Intelligence, Business Integration, portal solutions, as well as artificial intelligence find new, excellent products and solutions through our hands.
The result: standard software that is easy to use and can be applied regardless of the size of the company. Ask any of our numerous customers in the retail, aviation, construction, pharmaceutical and banking industries - together we are constantly redefining what it means to balance business intelligence and excellence.
What we offer you
Gain more time for the essential with our self-service analytics solution biAnalytics! Available as web dashboarding tool, as well as Add-On for Microsoft Office.
More Info
Create export documents from your SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio dashboards. We export to PDF, PowerPoint, Word and Excel - flexible and customizable!
More Info
With our self-service AI platform, you can build up your own artificial intelligence independently and without any programming knowledge. majaAI serves various channels and is always there for you and your customers, anytime and anywhere!
More Info
Whether it's about an extranet, portal solution, campaign pages, exporting or analytics. The open bi repository framework is the right solution for your business intelligence scenario!
More Info
“With the export functionality we can bring fantastic solutions to our Design Studio users. Great tool, fantastic performance and powerful design options.„
Mario Rüger, Senior Architect Business Intelligence, TÜV Süd
		Are you interested in one of our products?
	
Get in contact
Latest Blog Entries
In our bi blog we are talking about our newest functions and products and also providing helpful trainings and tutorials for you. Make sure to visit our website every once in a while to read the newest content.
12.01.2023
Interview mit TÜV Süd
Daniel Rufenach In-House-Consultant TÜV Süd
Daniel Rufenach ist Teil des Corporate Business Intelligence (CBI) Teams im Konzern Controlling der TÜV SÜD AG am Standort München. Das Team besteht aus sechs Mitarbeitenden, drei von Ihnen konzentrieren s [...]
Read More
23.11.2022
Thank you ASMPT!
A company is only as good as the quality of its customers. In this sense we are glad to introduce ASMPT SMT Solutions as a customer for our biExport for Lumira Designer.
ASMPT is the world's largest supplier of best-in-class equipment. They support e [...]
Read More
16.09.2022
Haushaltspläne
Haushaltspläne – ein Überblick
Die bi excellence GmbH ist schon seit langem erfolgreicher Anbieter von Export Lösungen. Jetzt erweitern wir unser Anwendungsgebiet und bieten Lösungen zur Haushaltsplan Erstellung an.
Jeder Privathaushalt, der eine grö [...]
Read More
Our products
majaAI
biAnalytics
biExport für SAP Analytics Cloud
biExport for SAP Lumira
Contact
bi excellence software GmbH
Beethovenstraße 24
D-69221 Dossenheim
Phone: +49 6221 868 06 - 0
Mail: office@biexcellence.com
Links
Legal Disclosure
Data Privacy Statement
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved
Cookie settings
We use cookies to provide the best possible service to you. You are welcome to accept or change the current settings.
Analytical Cookies
These Cookies are providing anonymous usage statistics to us to improve our performance.
Absolutely necessary cookies
These cookies are absolutely necessary for using the website.
More information
Analytical Cookies
Google Analytics (_ga, _gid, _gat)
These cookies register usage data. You can get further information at https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/analytics/
Duration of storage2 years
Origingoogle.com
Necessary cookies
Session-handle
Cookie for session and load balancer.
Duration of storage30 minutes
Originlocation.hostname
cc, cc-analytics
Storage of the cookie settings.
Duration of storage1 year
Originlocation.hostname
Accept selection