Environmental Sensor Solutions for Better Air Quality: Breeze Technologies
 
Home
Indoor Air Quality
Urban Air Quality
Industrial Emissions
Academy
Blog
Contact
EN
DE
Menu
Menu
 
We’re Breeze Technologies.
We are an industry leader in air quality sensors, data and analytics.
Watch the video
Contact us
Indoor air quality monitoring & management
Discover solution
Urban air quality monitoring & management
Discover solution
Industrial immission monitoring & management
Discover solution
Air pollution affects more than 90% of the world’s population. We support organisations to create better clean air action plans with the power of the internet of things and artificial intelligence.
Breeze Air Quality Sensors &
Breeze Environmental Intelligence Cloud
Breeze pushes the limits of environmental sensor development. Our small-scale air quality sensors can measure common pollutants like carbon and nitrogen oxides, ozone, particulate matter and many more. Their competitive price point allows for new applications like smart air quality management in your office buildings or large-scale environmental sensing in your urban environment.
Our environmental analytics cloud platform gathers real-time data from Breeze air quality sensors as well as external data sources. Based on machine learning and big data technologies, we use our proprietary Adaptive Cloud Calibration Engine to increase data reliability and accuracy. The Breeze cloud platform allows you to achieve an arbitrarily high data resolution and can assist facility management, environmental scientists and even municipality management and governments in understanding air quality, its influences and how to improve it.
Learn about our air quality sensors
Breeze Citizen Portal for Air Quality
How is the air quality in front of your door? Cities usually only maintain few air quality monitoring stations. Measurements are few and far between. The collected data therefore does not have the necessary relevance for most citizens. Our citizen portal for air quality data provides comprehensive and hyperlocal air quality data and is a one-stop shop for interested citizens. The portal is currently being piloted in Hamburg-Rothenburgsort and will soon be available in more districts and cities.
Socially responsible corporates sponsor the sensors feeding data to this portal. They are being installed either on the corporates’ own buildings, or co-located with interested citizens that we call “sensor hosts”. For the citizens, no costs are incurred, besides the sensors’ very low power consumption.
Find out more about the air quality in the places that matter most to you.
To the citizen portal
Become a sensor host
Sponsor a project
Why Air Quality Matters
We live in a world of relentless change. Our cities are growing, we travel more, our technology is advancing. All the while, and with little thought or effort, we continue to inhale and exhale; around 20.000 times every day. Our environment matters. Our air matters. Yet every day, it gets polluted a little more. Be it from man-made machines, combustion engines or factories. Or from natural phenomena, like volcanos and wood fires. We, however, know very little about what we are breathing.
But what if we could make sense of it all? We believe that distributed networks of small-scale environmental sensors can enable a fully-new approach to understand our environment, how it affects us and how we influence it. With our real-time data we can finally start to work on the underlying issues of environmental pollution. And we can develop strategies and best practices how to prevent it.
Learn more about air quality
Our Team
We are an interdisciplinary team of scientists, analysts, engineers, designers, computer scientists and former consultants with international work experience. We have been supported by multiple EU and German innovation programmes and are working closely with more than a dozen research institutes and universities. Our offices are in Hamburg; our team is fighting for more liveable cities all over the world.
Our distinguished team has been awarded the Hamburg Founders’ Award, a commendation from the German federal president and various other honours and distinctions.
 
Meet Our Team
Follow us
Raising awareness about air pollution is important. Subscribe to our newsletter below and get the latest news on air quality science, new projects, products and developments from Breeze Technologies.
First Name
Name
Email
Sign up
Thank you for signing up!
Please verify your email by clicking the link we have just sent you.
PARTNERS & SUPPORTERS
KNOWN FROM
   
SolutionsIndoor Air Quality
Indoor Coronavirus prevention
Urban Air Quality
Industrial Immissions
Air Quality Sensors
Clean Air Actions
About UsAir Quality Academy
Team
Press & Media
Blog
BreezeImprint
Privacy Policy
Investor Relations
Career
Contact
© Copyright 2015 - 2021 Breeze Technologies
FacebookTwitterLinkedInMailPrivacy Policy
Imprint
Contact
Scroll to top
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. More Information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close