Buynomics | End-to-end revenue optimization 
Request a Demo
Which industry are you working in?
Consumer Goods and Retail
Telecom and Internet
Consumer Software
Other industry
What do you want to work on?
Pricing
Portfolio
Data analytics
Annual commercial planning
Product
Trade term negotiatons
Other
How much revenue did your company generate last year?
< $50M
$50 M > $1B
>$1B
    Continue
    
      
Free event
Register
      
Success
Thank you for registering for our upcoming event. You will receive a Zoom invite by email soon.
Unsolicited application
Submit application
  
Application sent
Thank you for sending your application.
Product
Solutions
Consumer Goods & Retail
Telecom and Internet
Consumer Software
Other industries
Resources
Careers
About us
 
  Login
Get a Demo Demo
  Login
End-to-end revenue optimization.
Base all commercial decisions on one single source of truth - your customers.
    Get Started
    
      
 
No video selected
Select a video type in the sidebar.
Stop guessing and make decisionsbased on evidence. 
What Buynomics does
Imagine knowing customers' preferences without tedious analyses, complex spreadsheets, or unreliable focus groups. Buynomics' AI transforms all your data into Virtual Customers that mimic the buying decisions of real customers with unmatched precision. Use these instant and accurate consumer insights as the single source of truth to make decisions on price, promotion, product, portfolio, trade terms, channel & portfolio mix.  Our holistic approach uncovers links between critical revenue levers and provides recommendations for best results.  Your key to profitable and sustainable decisions.
Pricing, the key to profitability
Pricing is the key to profitability, but predicting customer reactions is notoriously difficult.  While outdated models like price elasticities provide inaccurate estimations, Buynomics considers the interactions between the products in your portfolio and those of your competitors.  Make your decisions with confidence to achieve your KPI targets - in any market situation. 
Promotions that pay off
Promotions are an excellent way to raise awareness and increase sales. However, they are expensive and their impact is difficult to measure. Our promotion solution takes into account the dependencies of price, product and market environment. This creates transparency about the ideal discount level, promotion type, frequency and timing. That makes planning promotions simple and efficient. 
Products that customers want
Your product offering is the foundation of any business success. But the optimal product mix is difficult to determine among a multitude of options. Stop spending huge amounts of time integrating data from multiple sources to find your optimal product mix. With Buynomics as a central source, you can quickly simulate countless product combinations to find the best offer per channel - or let our algorithm do that for you. Discover and scale market potential, optimize product launches and increase sales. 
Planning withprecision
Annual planning requires intensive and complex simulations. Create reliable and easy-to-update roadmaps with Buynomics that cover your promotions, price changes, and portfolio adjustments in a single source. Get full control and transparency over your commercial planning process. 
The customeris always right
Attracting and retaining customers is the goal of every company. Understanding and serving customer needs is the prerequisite for this. Buynomics' unique and cutting edge Virtual Customer Technology predicts customer behavior with unmatched precision. Find out how our innovative solution optimizes your decision-making process - saving you money, time and resources.
 
    Get a Demo
    
      
    Get a Demo
    
      
Upcoming Live Event
          Streams May 12, 2023
        
          3:00 PM CEST
        
Webinar: After Inflation - Maintaining Profitable Growth in Uncertain Times
Businesses are facing challenges due to rising inflation. Sustainable profitable growth requires adapting to uncertain times. In this webinar, we will explore how businesses can successfully adapt to this changing landscape. Our expert speakers will share their insights on how to effectively optimize pricing and promotion strategies and how novel technologies can help your business become more resilient and prosperous. Register now for free!
Register for free
Resources
 
28 Apr 2023
Webinar: Pricing Tools - From Excel to SaaS
        
          Find out more
        
        
21 Apr 2023
Buynomics.Talks: Democratizing Pricing Research with Dr. Frank Buckler
        
          Find out more
        
        
10 Nov 2022
Retail Pricing: Pricing for Value or Profit?
        
          Read more
        
        
Curious?
Let’s discuss
how we can help you
    Get a Demo
    
      
Buynomics 2023 - All Rights Reserved
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Imprint
LinkedIn
Newsletter