Build and Run Synthetics That Scale
Product
Synthetic Monitoring
Open Source based E2E automation to monitor your web app continuously.
API Monitoring
Powerful HTTP-based checks to monitor all your APIs endpoints easily.
Alerting
Deep and reliable alerting to wake you up if things go wrong.
Private Locations
Internal application and API monitoring with the Checkly Agent.
Integrations
Checkly natively integrates with your workflow and the tools you love.
Dashboards
Display essential monitoring and incident management information.
Monitoring as Code
Enabling developers to configure monitoring themselves and to code, test, and deploy with confidence.
Terraform provider
Write your check definitions as code with our best-in-class Terraform provider for easy creation and maintenance at scale.
Pulumi provider
Defining your checks as code with our Pulumi provider makes monitoring large websites and APIs a breeze.
Why Checkly?
Checkly helps developers set up, maintain, and scale monitoring with little effort, so you can focus on shipping great products.
Customers
Pricing
Developers
Developer Hub
All latest developer resources in a single place!
Documentation
Technical docs for all Checkly features.
Public roadmap
All new features at a glance on GitHub.
Changelog
Recent feature releases and announcements.
Guides
Key concepts about API and e2e monitoring.
Playwright tips
Tips, tricks and in-depth guides for headless browser automation.
Blog
Thoughts, ideas and tutorials from Checkly Raccoons.
Slack Community
Connect with the Checkly community.
Log in
Dashboard
Start for free
MONITORING AS CODE
        Code, test, and deploy synthetic monitoring at scale.
      
Unite E2E testing and monitoring in one monitoring as code (MaC) workflow, enabled by the Checkly CLI. Code, test, and deploy API and Playwright-based checks that scale.
Sign up for Free
npm create checkly
Read the docs
ecommerce-frontend - zsh
$ npx checkly test
Running 3 checks in eu-west-1.
✖ Cart Checkout (6s)
src/__checks__/cart.check.ts
  ✖ Cart Checkout (6s)
  INFO, 7:30:56 PM, Running Playwright test script
    Error: expect(received).toBeLessThan(expected)
__checks__/api.check.ts
   ✔ Homepage - fetch stats (65ms)
__checks__/browser.check.ts
   ✔ Homepage spec (7s)
1 failed, 2 passed, 3 total
Trusted by engineering teams at
synthetic monitoring
Monitor crucial flows fast
            Monitor and validate your crucial site transactions. Automatically collect error traces, screenshots, video clips, and performance metrics to diagnose errors and performance regressions. 
            Coding browser click-flows used to be hard. Not anymore. Use the Playwright open source automation framework—and our @playwright/test support—to automate your flows. Then run your checks in 22 locations worldwide.
          
Learn more
api monitoring
Monitor all your APIs easily
Make sure your APIs always respond quickly and with the correct payload. Our intuitive editor lets you configure powerful HTTP requests.
            
            Kickstart your checks with our Swagger and cURL importer. Add Node.js-based setup/teardown scripts and fine-grained assertions for in-depth API monitoring.Learn
            more
Private locations
Monitor your private applications and APIs
Get full visibility of private applications across your infrastructure, on-prem and in your private or hybrid cloud.
          
          Run our checks wherever containers run: physical or virtual machines with a container engine such as Docker, or on your Kubernetes cluster or other orchestration platforms. Up and running in two minutes.
        
Learn more
Alerting
Alerting when and how you want it
Keep your team up to date with a
        generous helping of SMS messages and unlimited email, Pagerduty, Opsgenie, Slack and webhook
        notifications. Control exactly how, when and how often you get alerted. "Double checking" is enabled
        by default to never get false positives.
Learn more
Stats & metrics
Insights without limits
Doing a root cause without complete and accurate data is insane. But too much detail can also be distracting. That's why Checkly gives you a quick overview of how a check is performing right now and contextual data to investigate and explore trends.
Learn more
Terraform provider
Monitor your assets as code
Define your checks as code with Checkly's Terraform provider and make monitoring your websites and APIs a breeze.
        
Learn how
              Compatible with your workflow
            
Already using Terraform for IaC? Great. Not using Terraform yet? Easily plug it into your existing pipeline.
              Increased transparency
            
Declaring your checks as code aligns your monitoring with your releases and rollbacks, while also serving as documentation.
              One setup for local and cloud
            
Seamlessly develop and test your checks locally, push to source control and apply automatically.
workflow
Integrates with your workflow
Checkly integrates with the open source & developer tools you use on a daily basis.
Terraform
Configure and scale your monitoring with Terraform's powerful CLI workflow.
Learn more
Javascript
Extend your monitoring with Javascript for custom authentication and test logic.
Learn more
GitHub
Run your checks as tests on each git push and get results in your PR comments.
Learn more
Prometheus
Export uptime, status and response time data to your Prometheus cluster.
Learn more
Andreas Wixler
CTO & Co-Founder of 
Checkly is super easy to use and fits perfectly in our toolchain.
            finn.auto uses Checkly to ensure booking processes work all the time, everywhere!
          
Read case study
"We've been using Checkly for the past months.
              It's been phenomenal. Super easy to get setup, works flawlessly and intuitively. The team are super receptive & quick to help"
Jake Cooper
Founder / Engineer
railway.app
"Checkly is a fabulous developer tool! The flexible features and developer-friendly API made the integration super easy. Bonus: their support is super friendly and knowledgeable!"
Connor Hicks
Lead Developer
1password.com
"Checkly is incredible: It combines Pingdom, Ghost Inspector and Assertible all in the same app, and the insights are much more detailed."
Leo Lamprecht
SVP Product
vercel.com
All features at a glance
API monitoring
Flexible API monitoring with custom body, headers,
            query parameters and unlimited assertions.
synthetic monitoring
Scripted browser clicks flow with Chrome using Playwright or Puppeteer Node.js frameworks. Take up to ten screenshots per check.
CI/CD integration
Trigger your checks on GitHub push & PR's or use a
            simple cURL command from your CI/CD pipeline.
Public dashboards
Display a public dashboard on your site or in-office
            mounted TV, hosted on your company domain.
Public and private locations
Gain insights by running your checks from up to twenty data center locations worldwide or on your premises.
          
Alerting channels
Generous SMS bundles & unlimited recipients / endpoints for Pagerduty, Opsgenie, email, webhooks and Slack
            alerting integrations.
Threshold alerting
Control what triggers alerts and set reminders. We always
            run double checks to combat false positives.
Teams & users
Add team members to your account to collaborate. Comes with
            full role based access control.
SSL expiry alerting
We'll alert you when your SSL certificate is about to expire up to 30 days in advance till D-day.
We already ranAPI checks andbrowser checks!
        
Product
API monitoring
Synthetic monitoring
Integrations
Live Checkly dashboard
Why Checkly
Docs
API reference
Changelog
Pricing
Status
Company
About
Careers
Blog
Open Source
Security
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Open Source
Pulumi Provider
Terraform Provider
Jamstack Deploy
Learn
Playwright & Puppeteer
Checkly Guides
Connect
Support
Slack Community
Twitter @ChecklyHQ
Public Roadmap
How we compare
Alternative to Pingdom
Alternative to Runscope
Copyright © 2023 Checkly Inc. All rights reserved.