Cloud Migration Services | Data Migration | Cloudficient
Blog VideosNews ResourcesPartners CareersSupport Contact Us
Search
  Talk To Us
Enterprise Transformation
Cloud Onboarding & Offboarding
Office 365 Onboarding 
Enterprise Vault Migration
PST Migration
Office 365 Backup
Cloud Storage
Compliance Migration
Data Retention & Expiration 
Restructuring, Mergers & Acquisitions
Technology
Cloud Migration
Onboarding 365 Complete
EVComplete
ES1Complete
QAMComplete
MAMComplete
PSTComplete
E2EComplete
Expireon
Open Platform
Digital Transformation 
Intelligent Retention
Right Sized eDiscovery
Ecosystem Approach
Backup 365 Complete
S3Complete
ReMAD Platform
Company
Who We Are
Why Cloudficient
Leadership Team
Our Mission & Values
Delivery Methodology 
Cloud Migration Services
At Cloudficient, we help organizations securely and efficiently leverage the power of the cloud as they evolve – in a flexible, automated way.
View Technologies
View Blog
Cloud Migration Onboarding and Offboarding
Our cloud migration services offer a complete onboarding and offboarding strategy to make your transformation as seamless as possible. We offer Office 365 Onboarding, Enterprise Vault Migration, and PST Migration.
Compliance Migration
Aging, on-premises journal archives provide a challenge for many businesses. We can help you with compliance migration and put in place a secure cloud migration strategy. With a rapidly changing compliance landscape, we’re here to help make sure your transformation is following best practices.
Data Expiration
Data comes in many different forms, but it’s not all worth the same value to your business.  Data expiration through cloud transformation services allows you to prioritize valuable data and limit the burden of less valuable data.
Restructuring, Mergers & Acquisition
Restructuring, and mergers and acquisition throw up all kinds of challenges. Cloudficient empowers businesses to go through large-scale restructuring, facilitating the cloud migration of numerous workloads.
"It was the flexibility of the solution that delivered such exceptional value, coupled with the scale of what we were able to achieve with limited project resources."
Jacob Kralt, Rabobank
"Well Experienced Organization Delivering Quality Managed Services That Met Our Needs. Great service and platform that does exactly what is needed."
General Manager Technology, Healthcare & Biotech Industry
"We selected Cloudficient as our migration expert of choice due to their personal approach, adaptation to our unique issues and the resulting bespoke solution offer."
Tim Johnson, Princes Group
"EVComplete exceeded our expectations. With EVComplete, We Could Concentrate On Our Core Business While Cloudficient Took Care."
IT Manager, Services Industry
 
"Great Solution And Partner To Work With."
CTO, Services Industry
 
"Cloudficient EV Complete(D) The Job."
IT Associate, Banking Industry
 
“From the onset of our project they instilled confidence that they understood the technology, situation at hand and communicated with us during each step of the way.”
Robert E. Mirowicz, Keller & Heckman
 
"We selected Cloudficient as our migration partner after doing a proof of concept with their solution, with our users, and in our environment."
David Meer, Keshet
 
"Best Enterprise Vault Archive Migration Tool On The Market. Skilled engineers with a deep knowledge and very friendly. "
Senior System Architect, Healthcare Industry
 
"They Made Our EV Transition Quick And Painless. Very easy to work with. Very hands on with the installation and configuration.Communication was detailed and timely."
Senior Enterprise Architect, IT Industry
 
"Promised A Quick & Efficient EV To M365 Migration, And Exceeded Our Expectations.  The reality is that the Cloudficient solution exceeded our expectations in terms of speed and completeness of the migration."
Program Manager, Government Industry
 
"Make Your Exchange & Enterprise Vault Migration To Office 365 A Breeze With EVComplete! Cloudficient provides superb technical staff that handle the actual migration work."
Systems Administrator, Healthcare Industry
 
"I would recommend and choose EVComplete again for any future Migration needs."
Senior Server Analyst, Retail Industry
 
Enterprise Transformation
With cloud platforms handling a majority of infrastructure needs, a growing focus is managing the movement of business data throughout the enterprise lifecycle.  This includes everything from cloud onboarding, compliance migrations, or expiring legacy data, to restructuring events like mergers and acquisitions.   
 
Cloudficient cloud migration services orchestrates these transitions, handling complex enterprise transformation scenarios as a business process, end to end with cloud native technology. 
View Our Solutions
Enterprise Experience & Technology
With over 100+ years of team experience around cloud transformation services we pride ourselves on being industry leaders who are constantly innovating to keep you ahead.
 
Cloudficient migration services are extensions of our cloud native ReMAD Platform. This platform is a next generation technology which may be seamlessly scaled up, or down, on demand. A key component of the ReMAD Platform is our workflow orchestration engine which automates enterprise transformations as a business process. 
View Our Technologies
Latest Video
We want to make cloud migration as simple as possible for your organization. It’s not just our cloud migration services you’re buying into; it’s all our experience and knowledge. We’re constantly striving to give you the highest-quality, most up-to-date information surrounding cloud migration and digital transformation, so keep an eye on our video resources.
Take a look at our latest video blog post for insights on the latest in business transformation, migration and Office 365.
Video: Understanding the Limits of Microsoft’s Purview eDiscovery (And How Expireon Can Help)
In this video you'll learn about the limits of using Microsoft Purview for your organizations eDiscovery needs. Watch to find out more, and see how ...
Read more 
Featured Blog
We want you to be ahead of the game when it comes to cloud migration services. Keep an eye on our featured blog for the latest news and most important updates in cloud migration and business transformation.
Cloudficient: From Good (2022) to Great (2023)
After a busy December 2022 and January 2023 filled with planning meetings, a company kickoff, and our Q1 2023 Sales & Marketing Quarterly Business...
Read more 
Latest Cloudficient Blog Posts
Our team loves cloud migration, so we’re constantly researching the latest trends and most effective techniques for cloud migration services. We regularly update our blog with actionable insights designed to make your digital transformation smoother.
Cybersecurity
What To Know About the Phishing Attacks Using MPN Accounts
Cyberattacks targeting businesses grow more sophisticated — and more costly — every year. In 2021, IBM found that 17% of corporate data breaches...
Read more
Archive Migration
Understanding Email Retention Laws: A Comprehensive Guide
Navigating email retention laws can be a complex and challenging process. With different regulations for different industries and the ever-increasing...
Read more
Cybersecurity
                      
                      ,
                      
                      
                      
                      eDiscovery
What You Need To Know About Cybersecurity and eDiscovery
As businesses rely more on digital systems to keep up with the demand and pace of today's data-driven landscape, they become increasingly vulnerable...
Read more
Archive Migration
Why Email Archiving is Critical for Compliance & Litigation Readiness
Despite the rise of business chat communication tools, businesses continue to rely heavily on email communication. For almost every organization it...
Read more
Office 365
Mac Users Can Now Get Outlook for Free
Email has become a critical part of nearly every person's daily life. From sending correspondence for work and business to receiving personal emails...
Read more
Email Archiving
Effective Email Archiving Strategy for Large Organizations
Implementing an effective email archiving strategy is essential for large organizations seeking to optimize their storage management and ensure...
Read more
Email Archiving
Ensuring Compliance: The Importance of Email Archiving
Saving emails is critical in the modern corporate world; its value cannot be over-emphasized. As organizations continue to rely heavily on electronic...
Read more
Office 365
                      
                      ,
                      
                      
                      
                      Cloud
Save Files to OneDrive From Mobile With Microsoft Edge Update
More than ever, people need to quickly move and share files created on different devices and in different locations. Cloud computing has been a big...
Read more
eDiscovery
Trend Predictions for eDiscovery in 2023
Recent technological advancements in artificial intelligence are among the top trends that will impact electronic discovery in 2023. The public...
Read more
Get Started With Your Project Today!
Cloudficient delivers an advanced orchestration solution for Office 365 onboarding, transforming your data to the cloud faster and more secure – giving you instant cloud ROI.
  Talk To Us
Solutions
Enterprise Transformation
Technology
About Us
Company
Blog
Videos
Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Info
+1 585 577 4068
+ 41 41 510 9360
info@cloudficient.com 
 
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
© 2023 All rights reserved.
    Back to Top
  