Low-Code Conversational AI & Automation Platform | Cognigy
Cognigy named a Leader in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Conversational AI Platforms for the Second Year in a Row! Access a complimentary copy.
Platform
Solutions
References
Resources
Company
         
          EN 
        
        
								 
									DE 
								
							
Platform components
Cognigy.AI
The leading enterprise conversational automation platform
Voice Gateway​
Deploy virtual voice agents for automated phone conversations
Cognigy Insights
Conversational AI Analytics Suite for 360° Insights
Live Agent
Elevating customer service with AI-powered Agent Assist
Marketplace & Integrations
Turnkey ecosystem integration with pre-built connectors
What we offer
Conversational IVR
Fast and efficient call handling with automated ID&V and smart routing, all in natural language
Smart Self-Service
Enabling frictionless, transactional customer service on any voice or text channel
Agent + Assist
Giving service agents superpowers through AI-infused agent augmentation
See Cognigy.AI in Action
Enable frictionless 24/7 customer service on voice & chat
Watch Now
Boost productivity through transactional voice bots
Watch Now
Next-generation self-service with AI-powered chat services
Watch Now
Contact Center Automation
Conversational IVR
Fast and efficient call handling with automated ID&V and smart routing, all in natural language
Smart Self-Service
Frictionless, transactional self-service on any voice or text channel
Agent + Assist
Real-time agent support for every inquiry on every channel
Cognigy.AI Platform
Overview
Enterprise-grade Contact Center AI Platform
Platform Capabilities
Virtual Agents
Low-code customer service automation engine
Insights
Omnichannel conversation analytics suite
Voice Gateway
Turnkey voice connectivity for any contact center
Live Agent
Real-time AI-powered agent workspace
NLU
Market-leading AI for 100+ languages
Generative AI
Enterprise-ready LLM for contact centers
Quick Links
Help Center
Documentation
Academy
Product Blog
Trust Center
Marketplace
End-to-End
360° Customer Service Automation​
Deliver outstanding customer experience on autopilot
Let's Get Started
What is Customer Service Automation?
Find out how you can empower your customers to achieve their goals fast and easy without human intervention.
By Demand
Contact Center AI
Enhance customer interactions with AI on the frontline
Smart Routing
Connect customers to the right agent on the first try
Agent + Assist
Give your agents the confidence to solve complex requests​
Live Chat
Boost your customers’ experience and agents’ efficiency​
Conversational Analytics & Insights
Improve customer satisfaction with detailed insights​
Omnichannel Engagement
Engage with your customers on the platform of their choice
Conversational Process Automation
Drive appropriate actions with intelligent processes​
Enterprise Conversational AI Platform
Integrate easily with existing enterprise infrastructure​
Workforce Management
Increase operational efficiency and reduce agent attrition ​
Cognigy.AI for Amazon Connect
Power up your Amazon Contact Center with Conversational AI
By Industry
Insurance
Simplify claims processes and provide instant support
E-Commerce
Enable AI-powered shopping experiences for your customers
Airlines
Handle the majority of your daily service requests with AI-powered support
By Contact Center Platform
Amazon Connect
Genesys
Learn how Cognigy.AI integrates with and elevates any contact center
By Industry
Airlines
Improve passenger satisfaction with effective, instant support
Insurance
Offer compliant and robust self-service transactions
Retail & E-Commerce
Personalize shopping experiences across channels
Deliver Exceptional Customer Experiences with Cognigy.AI
Empower both customers and agents to achieve their goals quickly and easily with Conversational AI
More integrations
Microsoft
Salesforce
ServiceNow
Zendesk
Partners
Find a partner
Become a partner
Cognigy Trust Center 
See yourself how external institutions confirm our high safety standards
Customer Success Stories
Overview Customer Stories
 
Explore our customers' stories and see how they are succeeding by using Cognigy.AI to drive their business
Get more - view all stories...
Videos
Watch the Frontrunner Story of the Toyota Innovation Team
Watch Now
Deloitte and Cognigy are Paving the Way for AI-Powered Customer Service Transformation 
Watch Now
Cognigy Helped Lufthansa Connect with Customers During Challenging Times
Watch Now
Learn
Downloads
Guides, white papers, analyst reports and more
Blog
Stay in the loop on everything CX and CAI
Cognigy Academy
Become a certified expert with on-demand courses
Showcase Shorts
Explore the art of the possible in short videos demonstrating CAI
Succeed
Product  Blog
The latest information on new releases and features
Help Center
Tutorials, help community, videos and how-to articles
Training
Access training resources or schedule personalized sessions
Technical Documentation
How to use and get the most from Cognigy.AI
Get the Latest
Webinar: Generative AI and Cognigy in the Contact Center
Watch Now
Building Next Generation Self-Service at Scale 
Read More
Gartner® Hype Cycle™ for Customer Service and Support Technologies, 2022
Download Now
Who We Are
About Us
Join our mission to make Conversational AI more accessible
Events
Find us at live conferences or virtual meetups​
Careers
Help us achieve our vision with your talents and skills​
News & Announcements
Be the first to know about all the latest news​
Contact Us
Reach out to our experts and get your questions answered
Trustworthy AI
Cognigy Trust Center
See how we help your organization secure sensitive data and comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Read More
The Future of Enterprise-Grade AI Adoption
An in-depth guide into the trusted use of AI in customer service automation
Read More
Cognigy.AI is officially AIC4-approved
Find out everything you need to know about establishing "Explainable AI" based on the AIC4 criteria catalogue.
Read More
Latest Announcements
Cognigy.AI is Now Available in AWS Marketplace
Learn more
Cognigy and Avaya Join Forces to Deliver Next-Gen Conversational AI Solutions for Enterprise Contact Centers
Learn more
Cognigy and Foundever™ Create Partnership to Offer Best-in-Class Conversational AI Solutions for Contact Centers
Learn more
                  Cognigy Ranked #1in 5 out of 5 Use Cases
                
2023 Gartner® Critical Capabilities for Enterprise Conversational AI Platforms!
                Access the report
              
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
            ConversationalIVR
          
            SmartSelf-Service
          
            Agent + Assist
          
          Our customers make a difference everyday with a new generation of service experiences that just work.
        
                Lufthansa Group Uses CAI to Power 6M+ Conversations per Annum
              
              Very high customer expectations, daily changing regulations, and high-cost pressure during COVID-19 were managed successfully with Cognigy.AI.
            
            LEARN MORE
          
                E.ON Provides Best-in-Class Service with Cognigy.AI
              
              Cognigy.AI enables E.ON to scale its customer service, ensuring customers receive support anytime, anywhere. Offering AI-powered services via phone and chat.
            
            LEARN MORE
          
                99.5% Faster Response Times at Mobily’s Contact Centers
              
              Mobily is seeing response times of just 6 seconds compared to 20 min at their contact centers and has witnessed a notable increase in customer satisfaction since implementing Cognigy’s conversational AI platform.
            
            LEARN MORE
          
95%
Automation Achievable
32%
CSAT Improvement
500M+
Conversations Annually
Make Customer Self-Service a Reality
Enhanced CX
Provide fast and frictionless personalized services across all voice and chat channels.
Always on Services
Captivate customers with 24x7, anytime and anywhere services - in any language.
Accurate, Instant and Gratifying
Deliver rich and precise responses at speed. Never leave a customer waiting again. 
The Personal Touch
Keep the human touch with intelligent voice and chat digital agents that do not feel robotic - ever!
Support Agents forIncreased Satisfaction
Increase Motivation and Reduce Turnover
Automate repetitive tasks to allow agents to focus on high-value and rewarding work. 
Smooth Transitions
Digital agents hand off to live agents. Customers arrive verified and authenticated together with context and history. 
Empower with Context
Digital agents work in the background during live calls retrieving data precisely when it's needed to inform the customer. 
Streamline for Greater Productivity
Standard support and back office tasks are automated so agents can move on quickly to the next customer. 
Increase Enterprise Agility
Outpace Competitors
Respond, and adapt to changing business and customer needs at the speed vital for today’s unpredictable climate. 
Flexibility and Scale
Easily create and deploy AI voice and chat assistants at scale to support all and new customer experience use cases. 
Fast Time to Value
Increase value and lower costs by automating repetitive tasks, delivering faster response times, and significantly cutting call handling times. 
Better Together
Integrate with existing infrastructure and systems and power up your contact center without needing to rip and replace. 
Cognigy is a Leader for the 2nd Year in a row!
2023 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Enterprise Conversational AI Platforms!
                                        Access the report
                                      
GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, Magic Quadrant is a registered trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved. This graphic was published by Gartner, Inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. The Gartner document is available upon request from Cognigy.
Deliver Service Experiences Your Customers Will Boast About
  
              See Conversational AI in Action
            
            Book a demo
          
            If you want to dive deeper, visit our Cognigy resources hub. A wealth of knowledge to inform, educate and inspire you on your journey with Conversational AI.
          
 
Cognigy.AI is Now Available in AWS Marketplace
 AWS customers can now acquire Cognigy’s industry-leading enterprise Conversational AI platform direc...
Learn More
24 April 2023
Cognigy and Avaya Join Forces to Deliver Next-Gen ...
 Iconic contact center solution provider partners with the market leader in Conversational AI to prov...
Learn More
30 March 2023
Cognigy and Foundever™ Create Partnership to Offer...
 Cognigy.AI Becomes Part of the Foundever Conversational AI Suite for Automated, AI-based Customer Se...
Learn More
27 March 2023
Platform
Cognigy.AI Platform Overview
Conversational IVR
Smart Self-Service
Agent + Assist
Solutions
For Your Contact Center
For Amazon Connect
For Genesys
For Insurance
For Airlines
For E-Commerce
resources
Showcases
Blog
Help Center
Documentation
Training
company
About Cognigy
Events
Trust Center
News & Announcements
Media & Press
Careers
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Support
© 2023 Cognigy
All rights reserved.
Request a demo!