Creative Climate Cities
Creative Climate Cities
Why CCC
What we offer
How we perform
Projects
Who we are
Who we work with
 
 
 
en | de 
 Why  Creative Climate Cities   
“Climate change, waves of migration and digitalisation make urbanisation processes more complex. Our urban future depends on collaborative, trans-disciplinary and unconventional transition pathways. For this, we need creative processes, digital engagement tools and new partnerships.”
Dr. Nadine Kuhla von Bergmann,
Founder of Creative Climate Cities
 
 What  we offer  
Creative Climate Cities (CCC) is an Agency for Digital Urban Development. We work at the intersection of urban development, digitalization, design, research and visual communication to design, advise and implement urban transformation processes. We support a sustainable, climate-friendly and resource-efficient urban future.  
Strategic Advisory
We work in strategic partnerships with federal ministries, municipalities, districts, public utilities and city makers in the development of strategical processes, implementation measures and their mode of action.
Processes & Tools
We design integrated processes and digital planning tools to empower municipal stakeholders and decision makers.
Applied Urban Research
We are driving research environments that promote experiential learning, match-making of stakeholders and knowledge transfer related to urban innovation.
 
 How   we work   
CCC uses design sprints, visual communication, interface design, serious games, and facilitative practices as key building blocks on the path to achieving the global Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and climate change concerns.  
 Projects 
 31. March 2023TwinBy19. December 2022Transformation Driver Halle/Saale30. November 2022hoferLand.digital – Smart City Strategy13. May 2022Digital Twins. A Tool for Everyone?13. May 2022un:box cologne – Your City. Your Ideas.9. February 2022Toolbox for the Smart City Wolfsburg
See all projects...
 
 Who   we are   
We are Urban Change Agents from the fields of architecture, design, communication, research, digital media and we believe in open innovation processes.
  Dr. Nadine Kuhla von BergmannManaging Director and Expert for Smart Urbanismnkvb | 
Anais AlfieriStrategic Participation & Participation Processes
Chantal SchöppUrban Futures & Circular Economy 
  Ruta RandelovicInclusive Urban Design & Living Labs
Simon WarneStrategic Urban Design & Urban Digital Twins
Pascal WeisenbergerIT & Team Assistant
  Anna HeinemannCo-creation Assistent
Zoë BoshoffFundraising Urban Futures
  CCC Former Collaborators  Gian Marco Morigi  |  Creative Director. 
Michelle Louise Kotzur  |  Business Communication. 
Anneke von Holst  |  Participation and Communication Strategy Expert. 
Roberta Zucchetti  |  Urban Designer and Architect. 
Mitchelle Rosales  |  Visual Tools and Knowledge Transfer. 
Ilkin Evin Akpinar  |  Citizen participation expert. 
Lisa Bösch  |  Communication Strategist. 
Dr. Angela Jain  |  Participation and Mobility Expert. 
Sarah Rietentiet  |  Architect and Urban Planer. 
Martina Trapani  |  Urban Innovation Researcher. 
Johannes Mayer  |  Web developer. 
Kieran Taylor  |  Data Science and Digital Strategies. 
Nahla Laroussi  |  Applied Urban Data Analytics. 
Silja Kessler  |  Knowledge Transfer & Management. 
Frederik Florens Kriegeskorte  |  Project Assistance. 
Sophie H. Knoop  |  Transformative Urban Development 
and Digital Urban Twins. 
Wilhelm Will  |  Urban Futures Research. 
Tion Kudlek  |  Urban Transformation and Process Design.   Where  we are   
Our international team is based in Berlin and part of a global network of collaborators. We speak German, English, Italian, Turkish, Spanish, Japanese, Arabic and Farsi. We practice equality and are proud of the multi-cultural mindsets impacting on our projects.
 Who   we work with   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Creative Climate Cities UG
	Creative Climate Cities UG
	(haftungsbeschränkt)
	AG Berlin-Charlottenburg
	HRB 217194 B
CEO and Founder (Geschäftsführerin)
Dr. Nadine Kuhla von Bergmann
c/o Scaling Spaces
Bikinihaus, 2.OG
Budapester Straße 46
10787 BerlinContact
Please don’t hesitate to contact us/
Bitte wenden Sie sich bei Fragen an
info@creativeclimatecities.org
Subscribe to our Newsletter
English
Deutsch
Copyright
The content and works published on this website are governed by the copyright laws of Germany. Any duplication, processing, distribution or any form of utilisation beyond the scope of copyright law shall require the prior written consent of the author or authors in question.
Stellenausschreibungen
Privacy Policy
Datenschutzerklärung
						© 2020 Creative Climate Cities					