Home - Curvesys
Zum Inhalt springen
 
 
Home Technology Applications Contact  
 
 
 
 
Thin. Flexible. Elastic. Stretchable. Robust. 
Contact us now 
Our mission 
CONVERTING. TOUCH. INTO. DATA.
 
 
Technology 
CurveSYS™ sensors are printed on elastic material for 3-dimensional surfaces. The durable & flexible materials protect against aggressive environmental influences.Our devices require little power and are incredibly durable.   
 
Applications 
CurveSYS™ sensors make each object a passive collection point of smart data with only a few grams of extra weight. Mounted on the exterior of a gaming controller, steering wheel rim or helmet – we make use of this exposed area to collect and network streams of touch!  
 
About us 
CurveSYS™ consists of a team of experts from a wide variety of industries that specializes primarily in providing its curved system sensors to customers and service providers worldwide.  
 
“Smart sensors add intelligence to our applications. But more importantly, they add hours to our lives.” 
THE CURVESYS™ STORY 
"Life confronted me with a tragic reality" 
 My father has been a victim of an accident caused by a microsleep.Taken to the hospital by helicopter, he underwent emergency surgery for 8 hours. My entire life moving forward has changed due to an incidental moment lasting only 7 seconds.The nightmares I then experienced transformed into a productive vision, which lead to the creation of flexible sensors. It´s first application being the detection of micro sleep and leading toSAVING OF MANY HUMAN LIVES!  
PROBLEMS WE SOLVE 
Systems, machines, their surfaces and applications are also changing fast. That’s why CurveSYS™ flexible sensors have been developed to the level of art & superior quality in mass production. 
 
 
About the company 
CurveSYS is a system sensor development, design & integration company from Munich | Germany that specializes in providing its cutting-edge curved and elastic sensor systems international.The company has several patents on the manufacture, construction and many applications.MARKET FOCUS AREAS: Automotive, Security, Gaming, IoT, Smart Logostics and Smart Wearables for comfort enhancement. The company offers its customers and partners, also smart system sensors to reduce casualties while driving. 
 
Flexibility  Packaging 
Our sensors have earned a unique position in the international high-tech sensor market and CurveSYS  holds  several international patents. Thus, diverse applications can be served through flexibility. 
 
Micro Dots™ Resolution. 
 Based on the sensor technology we have developed turn-key capabilities system sensors. The special feature is the „Micro Spacer“ principle, which enables longterm functionality. 
 
Product design 
 Our flexibility enables designers to express themselves and move around the global world in a variety of ways, making data available more effectively and efficiently. 
Among our partner 
       
Don't know where to start? Contact us!  
								Name							
Send request
© 2022 CurveSYS™. All Rights Reserved. 
Impressum 
Go to Top
Home  Technology  Applications  Contact   
Verwendung von Cookies
Diese Website setzt zur Optimierung Cookies ein. Durch die weitere Nutzung stimmen Sie dem Einsatz von Cookies zu.OKDatenschutzerklärung