BEAD Technology - Engage with your building - © 2018
Home
About us
Product
Successful Projects
Bitcoin Fast Profit
DIY Retail
Fitness
Supermarket
Health Clinic
Office Building
Bank
Contact us
 
Home
About us
Product
Successful Projects
DIY Retail
Fitness
Supermarket
Health Clinic
Office Building
Bank
Contact us
 
                                                Europe
Hohenzollerndamm 124,
14199 Berlin, Germany                                            
                                                HQ: 
2955 Campus Dr. San Mateo
CA. 94403                                            
 
 
Empowering Sustainability With Real-Time Data and AI 
We digitalize your buildings to cut your costs and increase resident satisfaction. 
CONTACT US FOR A DEMO 
 
What we do
We are doing a full analysis of human behavior and occupancy trends in a building - both commercial and private-, a lot of personnel are needed which means an increase in operational cost and time spent. But with BEAD, you get this vigorous job done in no time with little to no cost to you.
What is BEAD
BEAD is an AI-based system that analyzes, optimizes and operates your building’s energy management, marketing strategies and operations by measuring real-time occupancy data.
Dynamic Analysis
Nothing like comfort right? BEAD brings a truckload of it to your building with its automated system which regulates both the lightning, cooling, and heating system to fit perfectly to your immediate needs. BEAD measures and analyzes real-time data relevant for people’s comfort and occupancy trends in the building.
Infrastructure Integrations
Compatibility is one of the strong points of BEAD AI system. If integrated into a Buildings Management System, it converts real-time analytics into used protocols to control buildings HVAC.
Machine Learning Solutions
BEAD takes every detail seriously to produce outputs for optimized building energy management. And occupancy trend information is explicitly rendered to be used for commercial and marketing management purposes.
Your building speaks; we listen and provide relevant solutions. 
Get in touch with us 
 
Why use BEAD
Apart from putting your satisfaction first, we accurately identify the problem your building is facing, and we solve it in no time, ones and for all. We have a reputation for providing high-quality service at unrivaled value-for-money. We spend 90% of our time inside buildings. We focus on providing you our client with unbeatable service from start to finish. 
So, let BEAD help you convert your building into a living ecosystem, which in turn would optimize your comfort while minimizing energy costs.
How BEAD works
It starts with digitalization! BEAD sensors analyze human behaviors and occupancy changes inside the building. Next, with the use of BEAD software, occupancy cycles, movements, and density change information can be collected. This information, in turn, helps you to develop marketing strategies, optimize operations and increase energy efficiency without breaching user comfort. We are aware of the digitalization that is taking place globally. In the financial sector, digital currencies are revolutionizing the economy. Trading has become widely popular and the availability of trading apps have helped many traders to make profit. Visit https://kryptoszene.de/trading-app/ to find the best trading apps in the market.
580.000m2
digitized by BEAD
170
Buildings
3700
BEAD Sensors
50000
Measurement Points
References & Leads
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Get in touch with us.
Do you need more information about BEAD? Or you want to learn more about our products and services? Kindly fill in the empty boxes, and a representative would get back to you. You can also send an e-mail us if you would prefer.
 
 
 
EUROPE HQ
BEAD DIGTIAL
Hohenzollerndamm 124,
14199 Berlin, Germany
			
 
HQ
BEAD DIGTIAL
2955 Campus Dr,
94403 San Mateo, California USA
			
 
                                                                            © 2020 BEAD - Engage with your building                                                                    
 