Enterprise Knowledge Graph Solutions | eccenca
to navigation
to content
Navigation
Get a demo
Solutions
Data as a Service
Complexity Management
GDPR Compliance & Data Privacy
Reporting & Analytics
Data-driven Automation
Digitizing Expert Knowledge
Knowledge Infusion
Digital Supply Networks
IT Service Automation
Products
Corporate Memory
GDPR Suite
Success Stories
Global Product & Inventory Management
Complex Product Data Management
Process Automation of B2B IT Services
About us
News
Company & Mission
Career
Partners
Research Projects
Resources
Digital Supply Chain
Media & Downloads
Curry Company - Total Process Automation
Webcasts
Press & Articles
FAQ
Product Documentation
Blog
Contact
								Data Week Leipzig 2023 ✔eccenca GmbH is once again co-organizer and sponsor of this week-long program of events around many topics such as of data, digitalization, artificial intelligence or urban development challenges.Registration is now open
								eccenca and MVI Group partner up! ✔eccenca’s powerful AI-based technologies coupled with MVI’s expertise in automotive development and process automation will now yield solutions for data-optimized work processes!Read about the partnership!
								Maximize value on your Total Process Automation journey ✔The Curry Company is powered by eccenca Corporate Memory which can capture, record and digitize tacit and explicit human knowledge in a way that enables its reuse and repurposing across innumerable similar or varied use cases.KNOW MORE
								eccenca announces Digital Mission Pioneers (dmp!) as partner ! ✔New knowledge-based digital services with the help of eccenca Corporate Memory.Read about the partnership
								How Knowledge Silos Let Digital Transformation Projects Fail ✔BARC analyst Timm Grosser on why most companies still are years away from being data-driven.Read the analyst guest post©
								eccenca partners with TietoEvry ✔Time to accelerate the Dynamic Supply Chain with the help of eccenca Corporate Memory !Learn all about cooperation
								eccenca Strengthens Crisis Resilience of German Economy ✔eccenca delivers foundational technology for federal digitalization and digital supply chain twins projects CoyPu and ResKriVer.Learn all about the projects©
								Master The Digital Transformation – check ✔10:1 REDUCTIONOf Complexity90 % LESSData Preparation90 % FASTERTime To ValueDiscover Our Enterprise Knowledge Graph Software©
								Complex Product Data Management – check ✔98 % LESSSearch Time100 % SELF-SERVICEvia Web Interface100 % SCALABLEFor Future ProjectsLearn How To Link Distributed Product Data©
								eccenca selected by UGAP for French public services ✔eccenca is first to be selected as enterprise knowledge graph solution provider for french public servicesLearn more
Flexible & Efficient Data Integration And Automationeccenca provides an automated decision processing platform that enables enterprises to infuse knowledge into data to drive efficiency.
			This video is embedded directly from YouTube. By loading the video, you accept YouTube's privacy policy.
		Load video Always unlock YouTube (save setting as cookie)
Companies are challenged by the detrimental overload of data caused by thousands of isolated data silos and the lack to easily interpret, integrate, use and reuse this data. The eccenca Corporate Memory multi-graph platform is your solution to this problem. It enables you to access any connected data sets (linked through rules and relations) and understand the context and meaning of the data while making decisions.From Digital Supply Networks and Automation to GDPR compliance and Knowledge-Driven Customer Interaction, eccenca allows you to centrally manage, execute and document your siloed corporate data and configurations as well as their interdependent business knowledge, rules and constraints. The metadata based semantic data management approach prevents the creation of new silos. Our system-agnostic, open platform software ensures the freedom to self-sufficiently evolve schema and corporate knowledge assets on-demand. Empower your business to become more self-determined and agile.Find out more
Join the digital
transformation leaders
		
		ACCELERATE YOUR DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION WITH...
		
	
Enterprise Knowledge GraphsWe develop powerful, scalable Enterprise Knowledge Graphs.We establish data transparency across all company domains.We visualize and link your data across all silos.Enterprise Digital TwinsWe build digital twins for e.g. production, supply chain, development, services.We digitalize and link your products, processes, business rules, partner data as well as employee know-how.FAIR DataWe establish a shared understanding of your data.We provide re-usability of your data.We make your data accessible and integrable across all data sources.
Gartner Names eccenca Sample Vendor for Digital Supply Chain Twins 2020The impact of the Digital Supply Chain Twin is transformational as it enablesend-to-end decision making by being in lockstep with the real-world supply chain, Gartner Vice President for Research Tim Payne explains in his analysis for the Gartner Hype Cycle for Supply Chain Strategy 2020. The foundation for this is reliable, easy and consistent data access.Read our report©
		
		DEFINE YOUR DIGITAL BATTLE FIELD
		
	
Complexity Management from Products to ServicesMaster Complexity©GDPR Compliance from Monitoring to AutomationEnsure Compliance©Digital Supply Chain from S&OP Planning to ReportingManage Supply Chains©IT Services Management from Licensing to ConfigurationAutomate IT Services©
Corporate MemoryThe enterprise knowledge graph platformMeet the foundation of digital transformation. Enable data transparency and linking across all your domains.EXPLORE OUR FLAGSHIP PRODUCT©
ECCENCA ENTERPRISE KNOWLEDGE GRAPHS AT WORK©©We’ve enabled data agility by creating a semantic data architecture embedded in our enterprise IT architecture. This allowed us to save approx. 20 man-months of transactional effort in internal processes.Karl Kirschenhofer Chief Operations Officer, RFSRobotic automotive assembly in factory.3D RenderingThe transformation from a mere product provider to a service provider will only succeed if cross-system data use can be leveraged. eccenca is a leading developer of solutions that seamlessly interlink data, enrich it with expert knowledge and bridge the gap between different networks and platforms.Christian Stapel  Partner for Data & Technology at MHP©©The eccenca enterprise knowledge graph solution enabled us to establish full flexibility in our data management process without having to retrofit our existing source and target systems.Georg Geiger SW Monetization Capability Architect, NokiaWe see more and more companies wanting to become data- and decision-centric. eccenca are at the frontier of this challenge and provide an enterprise-ready solution that integrates perfectly into any IT infrastructure. This is what the future looks like.Phani Ratna Kumar CEO, Aarth Software
NEWS
More News
								Effortless. Intuitive. Powerful. Announcing eccenca Corporate Memory 23.1 – the next level knowledge graph creation platform
							
							02. May 2023
						
©
Effortless. Intuitive. Powerful. Announcing eccenca Corporate Memory 23.1 – the next level knowledge graph creation platform
								eccenca releases enhanced automation & decision processing capabilities
							
							15. December 2022
						
eccenca Corporate Memory’s latest release enhances automation and decision processing capabilities for business users
								From data to decisions- MVI Group and Eccenca partner up
							
							21. July 2022
						
MVI Group partners up with eccenca for knowledge-infused automation solutions
Acceleration in 
3, 2, 1…Turn your data into action. Become a data-centric enterprise.GET IN TOUCH
				eccenca GmbH
				Hainstraße 8, 04109 Leipzig, Germany
			
+49 341 26 50 80 28
info@eccenca.com
 eccenca on Twitter
							
 eccenca on LinkedIn
							
 eccenca on Github
							
Imprint
Privacy
Privacy FR
Solutions
Complexity Management
GDPR Compliance
Reporting
Digital Supply Networks
IT Service Automation
Products
Corporate Memory
GDPR Suite
Success Stories
Inventory Management
Product Data Management
Process Automation
About Us
News
Company & Mission
Career
Research
Resources
Media & Downloads
Press
Contact
to top
We use cookies to ensure that our website is optimally designed and improved for you. By continuing to use the website, you agree to the use of cookies.
For further information, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Necessary technical cookies
Analytics cookies
Accept all
Save settings
Exit dialog and go to top of page