Home - elliptic solutions
 
About
Contact
Make crypto data visible
Extract and translate the data produced by a blockchain network for organizations and ventures.
              Get in touch            
1. Project Implementation
Smart Contract Audits and Writing
Consulting about private networks
Consulting about ICO process
2. Monitoring
App (Etherlytics) for monitoring ERC20 and other smart contracts
Export of Balance Sheets and other specific views on data
Weekly/Daily reports
3. (Forensic) Analysis
Tracking of token transfers
Identification of actors via a blockchain address registry
Writing reports for auditors, regulatory authorities and criminal investigations
Elliptic Solution’s Goals 
The rise of the blockchain technology and in particular the smart contract enabled implementation are giving hope for new sophisticated services and models to organize the interactions of a digitally driven society. The promise is tightly coupled to the technical details of the blockchain paradigm and their implications of transparency, decentralization and immutability.
Nevertheless, the technology itself is not easy to comprehend. Although the technical details are given, their usability and handling are not necessarily practical and for most participants the blockchain remains a black box. Tools like blockchain.info and etherscan.io are the defacto standard for monitoring transactions on the blockchain but they guarantee the readability only to a certain degree (as they need to stay agnostic) and for more specific use cases their limitations are obvious.
Elliptic Solutions​ goal is to extract and translate the data produced by a blockchain network for organizations and ventures in a human comprehensible form by delivering services and providing tools to build, monitor and analyze projects based on it. It dives into the semantics specific to a project and delivers insights to the dynamic movement of the data produced by coin/token transfers and other smart contract related transactions. Additionally it provides insights into the best practices of writing smart contracts, indicates implications of a chosen set of smart contracts and monitors the projects once it is live thereby accompanying projects from planning to execution. 
We offer support for
Let's get things done!
We are here to provide you with more information, answer any questions you may have and create an effective solution for your instructional needs.
What can we do for you?
Provide you a demo of etherlytics
Give you support for our products
Bring your thoughts to the crypto world
Bring the crypto world right into your project
Write us an email
By submitting the request, you agree that your data will be transmitted, processed and stored. The data will be used solely to answer the request and will not be disclosed to third parties. Further information in our privacy policy.
Send
Get in touch
Privacy
Legal Disclosure
 