Artificial Intelligence for Microlearning - Flexudy
Flexudy Education and Research Pipe
Flexudy Legal Info
 
Select Page
  
 
 
Create coursesShare knowledgeGain Insights
The 3-in-1 solution that enables you to automatically generate and share interactive, mobile-friendly courses, training materials, and quizzes using artificial intelligence.
Get Started 🚀 It's FREE
save Time
creating content
“The learning success of my trainees comes first. Flexudy’s multiple-choice question generator speeds up my work so that I can finally focus on my trainees and support them individually.”
Ralf Döring – Corporate Trainer & Consultant
Check out this Microlearning nugget created by Ralf on Teamwork (in German).
Try Flexudy Now
Get instant feedback after sharing your quizzes, micro-courses and summaries.
1. CREATE
2. SHARE
3. EVALUATE
Boost Interaction
with micro-quizzes
“Flexudy quizzes allow me to create more interactive teaching content. In particular during the pandemic this is a real benefit for my lectures.”
Prof. Andreas Maier – University of Erlangen-Nuremberg
Check out this Microlearning nugget created by Prof. Maier on Deep Learning.
Create Quizzes Now
Flexudy for Students
flashcards in 1-click
“Through Flexudy I have been able to find out how I work and learn best and most effectively as an individual and have been able to adapt my learning behavior perfectly to myself through the many different options Flexudy offers. The good mix of quizzes, reading texts, and the chance to interact with other learners and instructors makes Flexudy special and helps everyone individually achieve the best possible results.Flexudy has helped me discover fun in learning and enjoy working. What more could you ask for?” – Sophia Meiners
Learn more about Flexudy for students.
FREE Student Account
Use Flexudy on any device🤗
HSPV North Rhine-Westphalia University ofPolice and Public Administration
NO Installation
Zero maintenance cost
E-learning departments usually invest a lot of time and resources in the installation and maintenance of e-learning tools. What if teachers were able to create quizzes, share them with their students and get instant feedback on how they performed without ever installing anything? 
At HSPV NRW, a university in Germany, lecturers and students no longer need to deal with complicated e-learning software. Lecturers can simply create exercises and share them with their students via a link.
Contact Us
Integrate AI
into your system
Have you ever wondered whether it was possible to integrate Artificial Intelligence into your system or device? Wende.Interaktiv, one of the leading German vendors in digital education integrated Flexudy into their Galneo Screens to make learning more fun at school. Galneo Screens now generate questions and summaries automatically, allowing students to test their knowledge in real time under the supervision of the teaching staff. Learn more about our API Pricing.
Our key collaborators
Prof. Dr. Svenja Bedenlier
Dipl.-Päd. Stefanie Gerl
Dr. Roman Rietsche
Dipl.-Inf. Fred Neumann
MME. Lars Egger
BerengerCo-Founder
Data Privacy
and autonomy
Data privacy is your birthright. At Flexudy we only collect information that is strictly necessary and only when needed. For example, only your email is collected when you sign up since it is needed for password recovery and for billing purposes. When you share quizzes and micro lessons with your students or colleagues, they can access your content without providing any personal information. This way, we ensure that your learners’ privacy is not violated. Click here to learn more about our privacy policy.
QuirinCo-Founder
open Education
through tech
From day one, Flexudy’s vision has always been to democratize education worldwide. To that end, we contribute to open source libraries and work with various partners to improve teaching and learning using technology. Contact us now if you are interested in a partnership.
Imprint
Privacy Policy
FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow
 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled 
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
SAVE & ACCEPT
 