HAWK:AI — The Trusted Future of AML Surveillance
      Skip to main content
    
Industries
Retail- and Corporate Banking
Upgrade your monitoring in response to market dynamics and regulation
Payment Companies
Address compliance with technology, not headcount
Neobanks
Efficient, Effective technology for your modern tech stack
Fast-growing Fintechs
Easy, efficienct AML compliance
Our Products
Payment Screening
Screen counterparties against Sanctions and Country lists in real time. Cleanse data and tune name-matching.
TX Monitoring
Monitor any transaction for red flags using a comprehensive set of rules in combination with Behavioral Analytics.
Customer Screening
Screen customers against Sanction, PEP, watchlists and adverse media during onboarding and thereafter.
Transaction Fraud
Monitor Fraud and AML transaction behavior (FRAML) to detect fraudulent patterns across all channels and payment methods
Customer Risk Rating
Dynamically score customer risk using internal and external data. Add behavioral analytics for richer context.
Partners
Knowledge Hub
Blog and Press
The latest news, blogposts and knowledge articles
Data Protection and Info Security
We go beyond the necessary standards and implement industry best practices to proactively prevent harm.
Modern Tech Stack
We have built a robust technology platform leveraging cutting-edge techniques and quality third-party providers.
About us
About us
Ending Financial Crime. Together.
Career
Join us in the fight against money laundering
        en
      
EnglishDeutsch
Demo request
  HAWK:AI
      THE FUTURE OF AML AND FRAUD SURVEILLANCE
Manage your risk and get control of your process without scaling your team. Complement rules with explainable AI for transaction monitoring, screening, and customer risk rating. Frictionless integration backed by expert knowledge.
      Selected Customers
https://www.getmoss.com
/nab-addresses-aml-regulations
https://www.ratepay.com/
https://hawk.ai/news-press/hawk-partners-como-digital-life
https://www.bbamericas.com/en/
/news-press/hawk-partners-weavr
      Our Solutions
                        Your Rules. Our AI.
      
      
Reduce risk and false positives complementing rules with our AI
                        Payment Screening
      
      
Screen counterparties against Sanctions and Country lists in real-time. Cleanse data and tune name-matching.
Explore Payment Screening
                        Transaction Monitoring
      
      
Monitor any transaction for red flags using a comprehensive set of rules in combination with Behavioral Analytics.
Explore TX Monitoring
                        Customer Screening
      
      
Screen customers against Sanctions, PEP, watchlists, and adverse media during onboarding and thereafter.
Explore Customer Screening
                        Customer Risk Rating
      
      
Dynamically score customer risk using internal and external data. Add Behavioral Analytics for richer context. 
Explore Customer Risk Rating
      Selected Partners
      Request a Demo
      AML Compliance challenges solved with technology and expertise
Request a Demo
Speak to an Expert
      Why Work With HAWK:AI
                        Decades of Industry Experience. Leading-edge Technology. 
      
      
                        Work With the Experts
      
      
Our team of tech and compliance specialists delivers frictionless integration and deep subject matter advice.
                        Implement at Your Pace
      
      
Enhance or replace your legacy systems using our modular approach. Limit migration risk. 
                        Be Ready for What's Coming
      
      
Respond to shifts in criminal patterns and regulatory requirements with AI. 
                        Deploy as You Want 
      
      
Select SaaS or alternative deployment options, based on a cloud-native, secure software stack.
            © 2023 HAWK:AI
          
Contact us
Data Privacy
Imprint
Follow us
LinkedIn
Twitter