Icinga » Monitor your entire Infrastructure with Icinga
 
 
Products
 
 
Icinga Stack explained
Learn about the Icinga Monitoring Stack.
 
 
 
Infrastructure Monitoring
Observe your entire IT in one place.
 
 
 
Monitoring Automation
Monitor massive amounts of data.
 
 
 
Cloud Monitoring
Monitor the private, the public and the hybrid.
 
 
 
Metrics & Logs
Get the context and recognize trends.
 
 
 
Analytics
Analyze your data and perform proactively.
 
 
 
Notifications
Get alerted and react with confidence.
 
 
 
Solutions
 
 
Monitoring 
 
Server Monitoring
 
Network Monitoring
 
Database Monitoring
 
Application Monitoring
 
Windows Monitoring
 
VMware Monitoring
 
Environmental Monitoring
 
 
 
Operations 
 
Monitoring at Scale
 
ITSM Integration
 
Monitoring and Security
 
  
 
Access 
 
Business Reporting
 
Teamwork Manager
 
Accessibility
 
 
 
Customer Stories 
 
ING
Banking
 
Magazine Luiza
Retail
 
Deutsche Telekom Security
Telecom
 
Binero
Cloud
 
City of Cologne
Governmental
 
View all customer stories
 
 
 
Subscription
 
Community
 
Learn
 
Events
 
Contact Sales
 
Get Started
 
 
Select Page
  
 
 
Monitor Your Entire Infrastructure
Find answers, take actions and become a problem-solver. Be flexible and take your own ways. Stay curious, stay passionate, stay in the loop. Tackle your monitoring challenge.
Take a Tour
Get Started
HOWTO
Leveraging component variants in Figma for UI Design
Being a Sketch user since it's early days, I found Figma looked really promising, when it finally appeared. While Sketch caught up on most of Figma's features, like collaboration, developer handoff and AutoLayout (at least to some degree), the small feature set...
read more
RELEASE
Releasing Icinga Certificate Monitoring v1.2.0
Today we’re announcing the general availability of the Icinga Certificate Monitoring in version 1.2.0. You can find all issues related to this release on our Roadmap. Please also refer to the corresponding upgrade section in the documentation. What’s New? To begin...
read more
EVENTS
Last tickets for Icinga Camp Berlin!
Our first Icinga Camp in 2023 is just a month away. And we can´t wait to meet again with our community! We have just a few remaining tickets. Don’t miss your chance to grab one of these and come to the fabulous Kulturbrauerei in Berlin. Whether you’re a long-time...
read more
Trusted by some of the world’s leading companies
The Icinga Stack
The Icinga stack spans six core strengths that cover all aspects of monitoring. Level up with valuable insights and on-time notifications, eye-opening visuals and analytics. Icinga easily integrates within your systems, and gives you the power to automate your tasks. Get going and stay in form!
Learn more about the Icinga Stack
great flexibility
Infrastructure Monitoring
Availability, performance and trends: Know the state of everything at all times. Be flexible when building and scaling your monitoring setup.
Learn more
efficient workflows
Monitoring Automation
Manage massive amounts of monitoring objects. Use the Director or other modules to automatically import and synchronize all kinds of data.
Learn more
newest technologies
Cloud Monitoring
Monitor private, public, or hybrid clouds all in one monitoring system, and stay independent from your cloud provider with your monitoring.
Learn more
Outstanding integrations
Metrics & Logs
Our integrations allow you to collect, store, visualize and combine performance and metrics data on the way. Get alerted on patterns.
Learn more
meaningful visualizations
Analytics
Discover relations and patterns. Create reports with your existing data for different aspects. Filter certain servers/VMs to get dedicated insights.
Learn more
Helpful Alerts
Notifications
Having knowledge is the first step when solving incidents. Icinga notifies you when it makes sense through any channel you want.
Learn more
Integrations
Icinga collects and sends data from and to many of your existing DevOps tools, enabling you to create a tailored monitoring solution that perfectly fits your needs.
Explore all Integrations.
BUILD
Company
We enable you to monitor your entire infrastructure.
Read more
COLLABORATE
Community
We thrive together by sharing knowledge and values.
Read more
SHARE
Open Source
We give you the ultimate control over our software.
Read more
Made for Enterprises
Connect your whole landscape with Icinga and experience outstanding stability and flexibility with your monitoring. Our enterprise-ready solution is unbeatable in customization, automation, and scaling.
Scalability and Multitenancy
From small start-ups to multitenant enterprise environments – Icinga is scalable to any infrastructure. Split the monitoring into different zones for multiple teams or customers. 
Comprehensive Monitoring
Icinga is your flexible solution for monitoring across the board. Customize it to monitor devices, databases, applications, cloud services, websites, networks, and much more. 
Simplified Monitoring
Reduce complexity, use Icinga as an umbrella and view everything in one dashboard. Deal with massive amounts of monitoring objects from different sources and automate recurring tasks.
High Availability
Ensure 24/7 uptime and avert data loss for your monitoring. Combine high availability clusters with a distributed setup, and you have a best practice scenario for large environments.
Enterprise-Grade Support
Backed by our global partners, Icinga delivers consulting, training and support to customers all over the globe. We provide insurance and assurance for your whole Icinga monitoring environment.
Safe and Secure
Icinga is a secure monitoring system that relies on SSL encrypted connections. Grant permissions to different teams and team members with role-based access control to safeguard security.
Enterprise Partners
We work in close cooperation with our Enterprise Partners to make Icinga available to as many users as possible. Our partner network spans around the whole globe.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
A monthly digest of the latest Icinga news, releases, articles and community topics.
Subscribe
 
Icinga Stack
Infrastructure Monitoring
Automation
Cloud Monitoring
Metrics & Logs
Notifications
Analytics
Learn
Get Started
Documentation
Trainings
Integrations
Support
Contact Sales
Company
Partners
Customers
We're hiring!
Blog
Newsletter
Press & Media
Contact
Community
ForumGitHub
Events
IcingaConfIcingaCampMeetups
Imprint   Privacy   Terms
© 2009 - 2023 Icinga GmbH
FollowFollowFollowFollow
 
 
 
 