KEYOU GmbH | Smart. Simple. Sustainable. – emission-free technology.
	Zum Inhalt springen
 
Technology
About
News
Contact
Career
		Get in Touch	
LinkedIn 
Facebook 
YouTube 
 
Technology
About
News
Contact
Career
		Get in Touch	
Menü
Smart. Simple. Sustainable.
We decarbonize your fleet.
We are a successful clean mobility company based in Munich. With our KEYOU-inside system, we convert existing diesel commercial vehicles to zero-CO2 hydrogen vehicles.
More DetailsDownload Brochure
WE CREATE HYDROGEN MOBILITY SOLUTIONS
Past hydrogen engines have been clean but delivered low performance and involved complex adaptation work. KEYOU changes the paradigm by transforming existing diesel engines into hydrogen engines in the most effective way, by smartly utilizing the same base components and just upgrading the core sub-systems necessary for an optimal hydrogen combustion operation.
Explore More
KEYOU-inside Technology
…combines hydrogen as a sustainable fuel with the proven and economical combustion engine technology to create a quantum leap in drivetrain development.
Hydrogen Mobility as a Service
…offers customers a fully comprehensive hydrogen mobility solution – from conversion and provision of fuel and infrastructure to insurance and service and maintenance. „Zero Emission Mobility“ thus becomes a reality with KEYOU.
Vehicle Conversion
…a complete retrofit solution, which includes an H2 tank system and the conversion of the engine, offers a diesel-equivalent cost structure, billed in a „pay-per-use“ model (€/km).
Driving range of up to600kilometers
FUTURE COMMERCIAL VEHICLES
The 12m city bus and the 18t truck will be presented live to a broad audience for the first time in September at this year’s IAA Transportation. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we will start a pioneer program delivering the first H2 trucks to pre-selected customers.
AS ALWAYS.BUT GREEN.
The vehicle industry is challenged to develop technologies that can be easily and quickly integrated into existing engine platforms. Moreover, it should make existing diesel or gasoline engines clean and more efficient. We show how a highly efficient hydrogen engine can be developed.
SMART EVOLUTION INTO CLEAN MOBILITY
INNOVATIVE CONCEPT
We developed a proprietary low-temperaturelean combustion concept that results inobtaining the highest performance with thelowest emissions.
HYDROGEN SYSTEM
The engine control system optimizes the management of the injection, air-charging, and ignition sub-systems, which have all been tailored for H2 burn. Some key mechanical components were improved for high durability.
MAXIMUM PERFORMANCE
A smart engine operating strategy with the selected setup takes advantage of the H2-fuel properties allowing: high power densities(27 kW/L), high low-end torque (90% of maximum torque at 900 rpm), and high brake efficiency (peak of 44.5%).
ZERO EMISSION
H2 combustion emits water vapor. Traces of CO2 originating from the lubricating oil are close to zero, as are NOx emissions due to the low combustion temperature achieved.
ROBUST & COST-EFFECTIVE
Build on top of a mature diesel engine base platform, KEYOU’s H2-Engine offers the same high reliability and durability as Diesel engines. Due to the low modification effort and the fast integration of new components, the extra cost to pay is low.
EXISTING VEHICLES BECOME GREEN
A solution must not only be competitive with Diesel technology in terms of driving characteristics, availability, or robustness – all of which are characteristics of the hydrogen engine – but also in terms of purchasing and maintenance prices.
From conventional Diesel to
CO2-free hydrogen vehicles.
MEET THE PEOPLE AT KEYOU
OUR FOUNDERS
They have known each other for a long time and share a common vision: Thomas Korn, Markus Schneider, and Alvaro Sousa are three engineers, each of them with over 20 years of experience in research and development of alternative drives. With KEYOU, our three founders are pursuing a common goal: affordable and clean mobility based on the sus-tainable and energy-rich fuel of the future – hydrogen.
Thomas Korn
Chief Executive Officer
Alvaro Sousa
Chief Technology Officer
Markus Schneider
Chief Operations Officer
THE TEAM
We are a team of engineers, climate-savers, techies, business experts, and engine lovers. We all combine our talents and expertise at the high-tech company KEYOU, to develop a sustainable and cost-efficient mobility solution.
Join our team
KEYOU employs65people from over 10 nations
WHAT OUR INVESTORS SAY
Let our investors and partners help you get a better understanding of our work and successes.
Bernd NagelGeschäftsführer NAGEL Maschinen- und Werkzeugfabrik GmbH
“We think that the current rather one-sided focus on electric drives can certainly be enriched by another option. Especially as the energy storage density of batteries is far lower than that of other energy sources – such as hydrogen. Moreover, in our original business – the construction of machine tools – we have been dealing with the reciprocating piston engine for decades and would therefore regret very much if such a powerful and mature technology were to be phased out at some point. KEYOU’s innovative ideas make the combustion engine “green” and thus future-proof”.
Martin BrunckoMember of the EIC Fund Investment Committee
”The EIC Fund investment in KEYOU demonstrates the Fund’s and EU’s commitment to advancing breakthrough and disruptive innovation cutting edge technologies in the area of decarbonization. KEYOU is a very promising startup, redesigning conventional engines into emission-free hydrogen powered ones. This is a key technology for enabling a mass-scale transition of heavy trucks and long-distance road transport of goods to a clean and sustainable future.”
LATEST NEWS
Never miss out on any important news about KEYOU. Read our latest news here or subscribe to our newsletter. 
News
			KEYOU wins „German Business Awards 2022“		
Is there any better way to end the year than with an #award? We can’t think of much! Especially since…
News
			Hydrogen specialist KEYOU and valve expert VENTREX announce their cooperation		
True innovation is often a collaborative effort that extends beyond one company. And hydrogen is undoubtedly one of the most…
News
KEYOU speaks at the „Vision 2045“ climate summit at UN Climate Change Conference in Sharm El Sheikh 
The United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP27) in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, is in full swing. Policymakers from around the…
All news
Let’s make your inbox a little greener.
Subscribe to our newsletter and never miss out on any important news! 
You can unsubscribe at any time.
WHERE TO FIND US
Our headquarters is located in the heart of Munich or – as we sometimes jokingly say – „between laptops and lederhosen.“ Because the old Postpalais in Munich is located right next to Google and the Augustiner Biergarten, making the above quote a little bit of reality. But don’t worry: we also work with laptops!
Contact us.
LinkedIn 
Facebook 
YouTube 
ImprintPrivacy Policy
AGB / GTC About Us
Phone: +49 89 6931484-0 Email: info@keyou.de
Copyright © 2023 - KEYOU GmbH