LARVEST – Nachhaltige Proteine aus Nutzinsekten
 Skip to content
 
  Nachhaltige Proteine aus Nutzinsekten
For Customers
Organic Fertilizer
Contact
English
Deutsch
English
 
Search
Search
Search …
 
 
 
Search
Search
Search …
Search
Search …
 
Menu
For Customers
Organic Fertilizer
Contact
English
Deutsch
English
 
 
 
 
Feeding the world – with insects! 
  
Insects, such as mealworms, will play an important role in the future for feeding a growing world population: We produce sustainable insect-protein from side streams!
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
sustainable 
  
Insects can revalue low-quality residues – without using much water, energy, and space
 
 
 
 
 
  
healthy 
  
Animal proteins and fats in high purity and quality – ideal as feed for livestock and pets.
 
 
 
 
 
  
regional 
  
A local network of production and processing means short transport routes and the best quality control
 
 
 
 
 
 
· Our technology · 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Monitoring 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
Monitoring 
  
Real-time monitoring of insect rearing using imaging spectroscopyenables us to accurately track
growth parameters
bio-chemical composition of larvae and insect products
diseases and impurities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fütterung 
  
Technique for supplying wet feed, including micronutrients and supplements through a squeezable gel:This enables targeted feeding of larvae with high cost efficiency.
 
 
 
Feeding 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Customized Insects 
  
Combined, these two technologies enable us to optimize insect larvae for the specific needs of our customers.
For example, the amino acid or lipide profile can be adjusted. In addition, hormones or vitamins can be enriched in mealworms using special processes.
Contact us if you are interested in insect larvae tailored to your needs.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
· Our team · 
 
 
 
 
  
Anja Harsch 
  
With her background in innovation management, Anja ensures that everything always goes according to plan.
 
 
 
 
  
Thomas Lanners 
  
Thomas has worked as a consultant for sustainable agriculture around the world and leads our science division.
 
 
 
 
  
Robin Huniar 
  
Coming from a corporate and startup consulting background, Robin is the problem solver across the board.
 
 
 
 
  
Benjamin Bailer 
  
The biotechnologist is working on optimizing insect breeding technically and logistically.
 
 
  
Supported by a network of business and science.
 
 
 
 
 
Why mealworms? 
  
Insects are the most sustainable natural source of animal protein. In comparison with beef, the differences become clear:
 
 
 
 
  
12x less feed consumption
 
 
 
 
  
2500x less water usage
 
 
 
 
  
100x less greenhouse gases
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
10x less space
 
 
 
 
  
100x faster growth
 
 
 
 
  
200x less land-usage
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kontakt
Impressum
Datenschutzerklärung
 
© 2023 LARVEST – All rights reserved
Powered by WP – Designed with the Customizr Theme
Cookie Consent with Real Cookie Banner