Projection Mapping and Digital Signage - witty and impressive
 
Products
EDGE DS
EDGE C
Service
Videos
Help
Contact
Company
Work
FacebookVimeo 
Overview
EDGE C
EDGE DS
Service
Videos
Help
EDGE SystemThe EDGE System enhances every projector, display or LED wall. It realizes Video Mapping intuitively, fast and efficiently. Video Mapping is for events, fairs and digital signage: as an information medium and as an highlight.
EDGE AppThe EDGE App is the interface of our EDGE System. It allows an fast but easy access to projection mapping. The placing of different content is immediately possible.
Fairs and showroomsThe EDGE System presents your performance in the perfect light. Experience new ways of placing your information with light design. Attract your customers, users and viewers with a real eye-catcher.
Digital SignageWith the EDGE System you can transform any surface to an advertising medium. It offers a whole new dimension of presenting digital media. Draw attention to you and your product!
EventsEvents of all kinds exist for multimedia installations. A quick set up and flexibility are major advantages. The EDGE System is a perfect and precise toolkit.
Art and DesignThe EDGE System is a tool for creatives. It offers a new and easy way for artists and designers to get in touch with light as a medium.
PreviousNext1234567
What the EDGE?We develop a system, that enhances any projector, display or LED wall with the capabilities of video mapping: EDGE. A compact video server and an iPad-App. The DS-system is complemented by a multichannel CMS.
Video Mapping is a technology, where various surfaces are illuminated by a projector with different videos, pictures and animations forming a composition.
Projections will become highlights: for information, advertising and ambience.
Til the EDGE!Intuitive
The unique connection between the projection and the interface provides highest comfort with the implementation of Projection Mapping.
Fast
Create a multimedia installation within a few gestures. Act flexibly on all circumstances by modifying content and shapes remotely from near and far.
Mobile
Move free and wirelessly in the room, while setting the projection. No cables any longer, that limit your mobility or your point of view.
Medial
Pictures, videos or animations: Use all kinds of media to project perspectively independent to all forms and formats.
Free
The EDGE System offers absolut freedom in designing and placing your media. Polygons, triangles or curves and round edges, with the EDGE your projection is always exactly on the edge.
CMS
Manage and control multiple EDGEs with our web based multichannel Content Management System.
EDGE C
The EDGE C is a compact video server. The system is operated via our advanced EDGE C App. Processing power, handling, comfort and the right features for your projects.
EDGE DS
The DS stands for Digital Signage. With our multichannel Content Management System the projection is centrally controlled and managed remotely.
Concept and Service
Concept development and implementation – we will advise you with your project. With our reliable partners and suppliers we guarantee quality and reliability. We create the right solution for your ideas.
   
li – Light Instruments GmbH Neue Salzhalle
Wischhofstr. 1-3
24148 Kiel
Phone: +49 431 66670-154
info@light-instruments.de
EDGE The EDGE is an innovative system to use one projector, screen or LED wall for the segmented output of several different media on all objects, surfaces, space scenes and facades. Use projection mapping in an easy but fascinating way! 
Get an EDGE - Get impact!
© by li - Light Instruments | Impressum I Datenschutz
FacebookVimeo
Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverständnis aus.OK
Scroll to top