Online Influencer Marketing Platform | linkr Network
 
 
                                    Platform                                
Create campaigns
Find influencers
Manage cooperations
Nurture relationships
Source social media content
Seed product samples
⭐
                                             Demos
                                    Services                                
                                    Pricing                                
                                    Blog                                
                                    Influencers                                
                                    Support                                
Influencers
Brands
                                en                            
denl 
Register
Login
Influencer Marketing - finally easy!
                        Whether sourcing content for your profile, running lottery campaigns, discount actions or product reviews. Our network of over 5.000 professional influencers and creators has you covered!                    
Start for free
Login
Demo
            Join hundreds of brands that work with linkr already        
                Powerful campaign wizard            
Plan, setup and manage winning campaigns with influencers on social media.
Define campaign goals
Select the right campaign channel and posting type
Calculate the required budget
Specify a pool of products for sample seeding
Craft spot-on campaign briefings
Identify and invite suitable influencers
linkr's advanced campaign wizard supports you every single step of the way. 
Start for free
Learn more
                How does linkr work?			
                Watch this short video to learn more about what linkr can do for you.			
                Ready-to-rock campaign templates            
                linkr turns influencer marketing's most popular and powerful campaign types into ready-to-rock templates that you can leverage to get started in under 5 few minutes.            
 Product reviews
                                The vast majority of purchase decisions are influenced by product reviews. So don't wait for them to just magically appear on your product and checkout pages.                            
                                Learn more                            
 Discount actions
                                Want to boost short-term revenue quickly? The very simple, yet effective concept is to have influencers spread discount codes for your store.                            
                                Learn more                            
 Lotteries
                                Need some exposure for your brand? Grow your social profile by giving influencers a number of free products that they can use in a sweepstake for their audience.                            
                                Learn more                            
 Custom
                                Want to launch something bespoke and special? Let your creative juices flow and turn your own campaign concepts and ideas into your very own, reusable templates.                            
                                Learn more                            
                            Perfect proposals and cooperation agreements                        
Craft structured, individual proposals to influencers with ease and nail cooperation details such as channel, deliverables, product samples, milestones or compensation.
In addition, receive cooperation requests from influencers in the same, ready-to-process structure. 
Start for free
Learn more
                Efficient content sourcing            
Leverage the benefits of distributed content sourcing from a network of high-quality social media content creators. Stay close to the latest market trends, formats and channels through cooperations with social media influencers and quickly adjust volumes to your demands at any given time without any long-term commitments. 
Start for free
Learn more
                            Smooth product sample seeding                        
Pro-actively seed products to the influencer community
Integrate product samples into your campaigns and cooperation proposals
Let influencers pick a defined set of samples when sending proposals to you
No matter which use-case, linkr makes sure that every sample request lands on your desk in a structured and processable way. linkr sample selection offers a beautiful, shopping-alike experience to the influencer, guaranteeing that every touchpoint with your brand is professional and welcoming. 
Start for free
Learn more
Some great content from our clients
See All
                                                Product review                                            
                                                Discount action                                            
                                                Unboxing                                            
                                                Lottery                                            
                        Biobloom                
                        Biobloom hemp wanted to educate people about the benefits of organic CBD products                    
                        Just Spices                
                        Just Spices was spreading discount codes during Black Week to push sales coming in through their webshop                    
                        Glossybox                
                        Glossybox was spreading discount codes to drive sales for their subscription beauty box                    
                        Stabilo                
                        Stabilo wanted calligraphers to test their new metallic pens                    
                        Glossybox                
                        Glossybox had influencers open a different window of their premium advent calendar every day throughout pre-christmas season                    
                        Skoda                
                        Skoda Austria was paying into a SOS Kinderdorf collection for every shared Carfie and followers were able to win the new Skoda Fabia for 1 year.                    
                        Skoda                
                        Skoda Austria zahlte für jedes Carfie in eine SOS-Kinderdorf-Charity ein und Follower konnten den neuen Skoda Fabia für 1 Jahr gewinnen.                    
                        Ankerkraut                
                        Ankerkraut had influencers posting sneak-peaks of their premium advent calendar during pre-christmas season                    
Work with the best
Plug-in to our premium network, leverage the smart technology we've built and benefit from our subject matter expertise.
Quality
We curate hundreds of profiles every month to provide the best international network of channels and profiles, featuring premium content quality and yielding exceptional engagement.
Speed
Get started in under 5 minutes with linkr campaign templates. Save additional time with automated samples seeding, AI powered notifications and many more features at every step of the way.
Expertise
linkr has the know-how, learnings, data and experience from thousands of cooperations between influencers and brands, facilitated and managed by our teams and platform.
Download
Free micro influencer campaign guide
Despite its rising importance, most companies still struggle with integrating influencer marketing into their daily marketing activities as a channel that performs consistently and can be scaled up. This guide aims to provide you with the tips, tricks and ideas to help you in preparing, executing and analysing your influencer campaigns.
Still not convinced?Then don't take our word for it. Here's what some of our customers have to say about us instead... 
linkr allowed us to launch a micro influencer product sample seeding campaign in no time. Super easy to use. Great applications from creators.
LALALAB.
linkr has been amazing for removing all that hassle and allowing us to manage every stage of the collaboration with multiple people in one place.
Bootea
The platform seamlessly integrates all aspects of driving Social Marketing Campaign, by sourcing Influencers, shipping sample products, and issuing payment.
Vanity Planet
linkr solves that huge headache for us and while we're new to the platform to me it is literally the opportunity of the year (if not the next 5 years). Within a few days we had influencers literally knocking on our door ready to help.
Highborn London
We couldn't be more impressed with this app! The developers have really thought of all the aspects when working with social media influencers.
Cocowhite
© 2019 linkr GmbH. All rights reserved. Proudly made in Munich
Features
Create campaigns
Find influencers
Manage cooperations
Nurture relationships
Seed product samples
Source social media content
Info
Influencers
Pricing
Blog
Legal
Privacy policy
General terms and conditions
Data Processing Agreement
Imprint
×
Integrate with your shop
Check out our integrations with Shopware and Shopify on their app stores.
Go Shopify
Go Shopware