Lumenaza
en
DE
EN
MENU
 Log In
Products
Clear origin
Prosumer Communities
Smart tariffs
New concepts
Platform
Product catalog
References
News
Press
Blog
FAQ
About us
Jobs
Downloads
Acceleratingnew energy.Together.
Lumenaza offers a powerful SaaS platform that enables green utilities to start, grow and evolve their business by connecting producers and consumers of green distributed energy.
The Software as a Service platform for green utilities
Start, grow or evolve your business
Innovative energy solutions
Clear origin
Provide transparency on the origin of green electricity
Prosumer communities
Create green energy communities
Smart tariffs
Offer specialized energy tariffs
New concepts
Validate the potential of business ideas
            Explore our products
            
Unlimited opportunities for green utilities
 
The following video is hosted by Youtube. We are using the enhanced privacy mode for embedding it on this site. By clicking on the video you consent, that Youtube may store cookies in your browser. You can learn more about Youtube's privacy policy here.
Increase your sales and offer new services
Our platform reduces time-to-market and your cost-to-serve
The leading energy as a service platform
Simplifying decentralized energy solutions
Lumenaza is the Leading Residential Energy as a Service Platform Provider
"Utility in a box" - Lumenaza enables disruptive power trading
Innovations for smart energy future
            Read more
            
References
Find out more how utilities across Europe are using our Software as a Service platform. Learn more about how they address the market based on our technology here.
About us
Lumenaza stands for green distributed electricity. We remove entry barriers to the energy market by connecting all its participants, allowing them to generate more value from energy.
            Learn more
            
                Home
Products
Platform
References
News
About us
Subscribe to our newsletter
Our newsletter informs you about our products, new blog entries, events and general news from Lumenaza every two to three months.
Language /
                                    Sprache  
EN
DE
 
 By subscribing to the newsletter you agree that we use the newsletter service provider Mailchimp including success measurement. You can unsubscribe the newsletter at any time.
                                        Details about the data processing by us and Mailchimp can be found in our  Privacy policy .
 
I have read the privacy policy and agree to it.
 
 
Please accept the privacy field
Jobs
Downloads
AGB
FAQ
Privacy policy
Legal Disclosure
                © 2023 Lumenaza GmbH All rights reserved.
            
We respect your privacy
We use essential cookies for basic functions of the website and cookies to provide the best possible user experience. You can accept both kinds of cookies here or set your individual preferences.
Accept all
                            Individual settings
                        
Cookies overview
Essentials:These cookies are technically necessary to provide a functioning website. You consent to these cookies by accesing the website and its pages.
Statistics:These cookies collect pseudonymised data about the user interactions on this website. This helps us to understand, how we can improve the website for a better user experience. We use Google Analytics on this website, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (https://www.google.de/intl/de/about/) (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; hereinafter referred to as "Google"). We use the Google Universal Analytics, which enables data, sessions and interactions across multiple devices to be assigned to a pseudonymous User ID and thus to analyze the activities of a user across devices. Cookies are used via Google Analytics. By continuing to use the website, you consent to the use of cookies.​
You can find more information about cookies in our data protection guidelines.​
Accept all
Accept essentials only