The Electric Skateboard Drive that fits under any Skateboard
 
THE ENDLESS RIDE
								en							
																											de																									
																											en																									
           
Company Update
Learn more
 
0
Display Cart
Login
 
Search
SEARCH_BUTTON_TITLE
 
Search
SEARCH_BUTTON_TITLE
            Mellow Drive                                        
            Shop                                
            Blog                                        
            Story                                        
            Test Ride                                
LANGUAGE 
de
en
0
Display Cart
Login
 
Search
SEARCH_BUTTON_TITLE
Login
My shopping cart
                            0                                                            items                                                    
                            €                                                            0,00                                                    
								en							
																											de																									
																											en																									
 
      
 
The first electric drive that fits any skateboard.
Buy now  watch video
Your Board your choice
Ride how YOU want it. The Mellow Drive can be mounted on any deck. With just 4 screws like a normal truck.
Learn More
      
It feels like riding an endless wave
Supersmooth acceleration, powerful braking – the Mellow Drive provides for a singular riding experience. With this high-end concept we are challenging existing standards of electric skateboards.
Learn more
Made in Germany
Most advanced electric skateboard on the market setting new standards in quality, safety and user experience.
Silent power
The two hub motors deliver maximum power at minimal sound. Also allowing for frictionless freewheeling.
40 km/h & 15km range
Despite of its compact design, Mellow performs big time with its slim motors and battery pack.
Swappable Battery
Swap the battery to extend your range on the go or use it as a USB powerbank to charge your phone.
Ride it like a skateboard
The unique Endless Mode acts like a pedelec that supports you while you are pushing. Old school meets new school.
watch video
      
No compromises
The Mellow Drive has got a lot of intelligent features that qualify it as a high-tech vehicle for every day use. Designed, engineered and produced in Germany.
Learn more
Water & dustproof
Highest standard of dust and waterproofness rated IP 65 so you can even ride in the rain.
Air travel approved
Mellow is your perfect travel mate. You can carry the certified Battery Pack as handluggage without a problem.
2 Year warranty
As a high quality product the Mellow Drive naturally comes with a solid two year warranty.
Updates via App
Always keep your Drive state of the art with regular software updates via the Mellow App.
Ride safely
Always wear a helmet and never ride over your capabilities. Everything else the numerous safety features of the Mellow Drive will cover.
Learn More
      
What's the story?
It all began with two brothers in spirit searching for the endless ride. Today Mellow is among the top 10 e-mobility start-ups in Europe.
Learn more
  Our Story Searching for the endless ride        
  Execution of a dream Designed, engineered and produced in Germany   
       Mellow News You subscribe – we keep you posted.   
  The Mellow makers Meet the people that bring the Endless Ride to your streets        
  Mellow School It's time for Mellow School - listen up!        
 Build to last Quality product with a 2 year warranty, made in Germany       
Your ticket to the endless ride
Get your Mellow Drive in just 3 days.
Buy now
      
 
*)
                            
                                incl. Vat., add.                                 shipping
Support Dealer Application PRESS TEAM FAQJOBS
Shipping & Charges Cancellation policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Legal Notice 
Get the latest Mellow news
Subscribe
Get the latest Mellow news: 
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo
Kickstarter
 
Copyright © 2020 Mellow Boards GmbH.
All rights reserved. 
 
  
In order to give you a better service Mellow Boards GmbH uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 
Further information
OK
 
 