MeteoIQ - Weather Intelligence Quality
Skip to content
 
 
Menu
About us
Insurance
Verification
Consulting
Team
News
Contact
English
Deutsch
MeteoIQ Weather | Intelligence | Quality   MeteoIQ analyses, develops and advises with weather intelligence. We focus on risk solutions for insurance companies as well as technology and strategy for weather services and all those who want to use their services.
 About us Contact us 
Manage Climate Risks About Us According to the World Economic Forum’s Global Risk Report 2020, climate action failure and extreme weather events are among the greatest economic and social threats. We are convinced that these risks can and must be managed.
 
Our history
Our customers benefit from the decades of experience of the founders and employees in the realization of customer projects, meteorological development, verification of weather forecasts and diverse use of meteorological services.
Our vision
The effective management of weather risks requires an intelligent quality approach. MeteoIQ supports with decades of experience in the assessment of extreme weather events and advises on the use of technology to reduce their impact.
 
Manage your weather impact Insurance MeteoIQ provides the full portfolio of weather information and services to the insurance industry. These services are also useful for insurance customers and other industries exposed to weather risks.
 
 
ClaimsMaster
We support insurance businesses to assess weather related damage claims through our interactive portal ClaimsMaster. This helps to prevent fraud and manage damage claims quickly and effectively. 
 
ClaimsAPI
Our ClaimsAPI can be easily integrated into any claims management system. It allows automated processing of weather-related claims in the background. Policy holders benefit from quick settlement decisions.
 
ClaimsForecast
We derive the impact of severe weather events on your risk portfolio. Using modern machine learning techniques we provide estimates of damage claims and help insurance to manage high-impact events.
 
Expert opinion
In complex situations, it takes experts to provide clarity. Our weather expert opinion is prepared by experienced meteorologists within 2-3 working days and also help in the event of a dispute in court.
 
Severe weather warnings
Strengthen the bond with your customers and use severe weather warnings as a service element and for loss prevention. Benefit from our warning technology and help your policyholders to avoid losses.
 
All right?
Guide your customers to your digital claims reporting channels after severe weather events. We monitor continuously if your policy holders have been affected and send them information how to report losses.
Quality can be quantified Verification MeteoIQ provides comprehensive information about quality of weather forecast of different service providers. With our portal solution we support both providers of weather forecasts as well as their users to answer the question
Who provides the best weather forecast?
 
  
Sales
Every weather service claims to make the best forecasts. Prove to your customers that this is indeed the case and provide professional documentation.
  
Procurement
You want to purchase meteorological services, but don’t know which fit best for your purpose? We help you to find the right provider for you.
  
Service Level Agreements
Validate if a weather service provider is actually living up to their promises. MeteoIQ independently develops and monitors SLA.
  
Development
Benchmark progress in the development of your forecasting systems by checking how new versions improve accuracy.
For your business successConsulting 
 
Procurement
 
Market Insights
 
Technology
Weather, Science and Business Latest News 
 
Technology & Consulting 
Why *one* forecast is not enough 
Is December off to a frosty start? This question could be asked when looking at the 00z model run of the so-called HRES model of the ECMWF on 20.11.2022 today. …
 
Historical Data & Analysis 
Natural disaster losses for insurances in 2021 
Munich RE today presented a global perspective to natural disaster losses for insurances in 2021. The company puts the total losses from natural catastrophes at around 246.1 billion euros. Hurricane …
 
Historical Data & Analysis 
Total losses caused by recent storms in Germany between 200 and 250 million euros  
Insurance weather expert MeteoIQ expects losses of around 200 to 250 million euros from the two storm lows “Klaus” and “Luis,” which caused stormy weather in Germany, especially on Thursday …
Read Our Blog
Contact us 
We look forward to your message
You have questions about our services? Then get in touch with us! You can find our contact details below or just use our contact form.
MeteoIQ GmbH
Rudower Chaussee 17  12489 Berlin  Germany
Phone.: +49 (030) 6293770-0
info@meteoiq.com
Fax: +49 (030) 6293770-77
LegalImprintGeneral Terms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy 
 
Keep Updated 
 
								Copyright © 2019-2021 MeteoIQ GmbH			