Mighty-Office
 Mighty
Register
Login
 Deutsch
 English
 Français
Mighty-Office
Your company's locations on your smartphone.
Smartphone your business
Your office logistics everywhere, all the time
Map / Route
Help staff navigate to your business locations quickly (offices - client areas – production/technical facilities) 
                                     – even undisclosed or business continuity sites.
Time reporting and Check-in
Real time check-in and time management. Via QR-Code or RF-ID
Link to company services
Book meeting rooms, transport, parking or car/bus pools
Documents and Images
Store all your location-specific information, whether product manuals, floor plans or factsheets. Photos, documents and access details where and when you need them
Push messaging
Reach all your employees how you want and when you want
Access control
Open electronic doors for meeting rooms, book hot desks, check-in to company events
Simplify the everyday with Mighty-Office
Technical Field Service
Infrastructure maintenance: improve efficiency and support your employees by providing 
                                                                                                             real-time information and feedback about possible equipment defects.
                                    
Read More
Facility and Real Estate Management
                                    	Better management of corporate premises by exchanging information like relevant and location-specific documentation for all your premises or real-time information of tenants, contracts or layouts.
                                    
Read More
Health & Safety
                                    	Efficient use of smartphones in emergency situations and more effective health & safety processes including push messaging for real-time updates and alerts. 
                                    
Read More
What we do for you
Mighty-Office is lean and fast. It quickly adapts to your company’s processes:
Privacy and security first
Privacy and security have been at the heart of the design of Mighty-Office from day one. We have passed the harshest security tests in Europe.
Runs on smartphones - BYOD
Mighty-Office runs securely on private smartphones allowing companies to roll out services in no time.
Easily integrate contractors
Flexibly integrate subcontractors or partners, for specific areas and specific times.
Integrate Mighty-Office into your company's services
Desk sharing, meeting room reservations, conferencing facilities, catering, printing, teams...all at your fingertips.
Expandable
Individual expansion ports for specific business units and flexible standard API's allowing multiple services.
Easy administration
Managed by your own staff via a web-based front-end.
Partners & References
Mighty-Office has won a number of start-up competitions and is partnering with numerous renowned accelerators and enterprises:
Don't you think you need Mighty-Office to do your weightlifting?
                            	Send an email to: service@mighty-office.com.
                            
About the founders
How can we help turn your employees into the global nomads of the future?
Alexander de Greiff
Founder & Corporate Entrepreneur
Alexander.deGreiff@mighty-office.com
Dennis Rubner
Co-Founder & Business Development
Dennis.Rubner@mighty-office.com
 
Please also check us out on 
                	 LinkedIn
                    © 2012-2022 Mighty GmbH. All Rights Reserved.
                
Home
Privacy Statement
Imprint
Yes, even this service uses cookies. Read all about our Data Privacy Policy.