Software Documentation | IT & Software Documentation Tool FlowShare
 
	Skip to content
 
 
 
About us
Careers
Customers
Partners
 
 Menu
About us
Careers
Customers
Partners
 
Start free trial
Buy FlowShare
 Hi, we’re miraminds. We empower people to succeed with software and make their lives easier. 
Our easy-to-use  documentation software FlowShare allows anyone to capture their know-how quickly and easily up to 9 times faster than with the manual documentation process. 
Click here
 
Our solutions
 
Quickly create thorough step-by-step guides as you go. 
Streamline your workflow with our intuitive documentation software. FlowShare for Windows makes it much easier and faster to write documentation and create how-to guides.With FlowShare, anyone can capture their know-how quickly and easily, up to 9 times faster than before! 
Discover more! 
This way! 
 
 
 
KiProWork - Joint research Project 
We are devoted to advancing our research in the realms of AI and performance support, allowing people everywhere to get their work done more efficiently and with greater results.  
Discover more! 
This way! 
 
About 
Founded in 2016 we are here to stay and looking for team mates who want to join us in the long term.Good products come from good craftsmanship. It is a continuous work of perfecting features, capabilities and overall customer experience. Excellence can only come with years of diligence and patient effort.It is not easy; hence we do everything believing we are in it for the long term.We have been bootstrapped & profitable since day one and continue to be for more than a decade. 
Customers & Partners
 
We take great pride in providing our customers with top-notch solutions and partnering with industry leaders to drive meaningful change. Our goal is to create lasting value for all parties involved. 
Become a partner 
Click here
Company 
 
About us
Careers
Customers
Follow us on 
 
Facebook-f
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Support 
Helpdesk
Contact us
Become our partner 
Partners
miraminds Software 
FlowShare
Deutsch
English
© 2021 miraminds GmbH. All rights reserved. 
Terms and Conditions 
Privacy Policy 
Company Details 
miraminds
hat
  5,00 von
  5 Sternen von
  15 Bewertungen auf Google | 
 
IT & Software Dokumentation
Dokumentationssoftware - Software Dokumentation - Schritt für Schritt Anleitung - Software Handbuch - Software Documentation
Dokumentationssoftware - Software Dokumentation - Schritt für Schritt Anleitung - Software Handbuch - Software Documentation