MyApplause - Live Feeling Events
 
Skip to content
MyApplause App
Features
Story
Testimonials
Contact
 
 
MyApplause App
Features
Story
Testimonials
Contact
 
 Menu
MyApplause App
Features
Story
Testimonials
Contact
 
DeutschEnglish 
We are MyApplause 
We bring the emotions back to the stages of this world. We give people the opportunity to communicate their excitement live – acoustically, visually and personally – even when they are not on site: in the stadium, in the venue or at the concert hall. 
We bring people together. We move. We inspire. #LiveFeelingOnlineEvents 
BRING YOUR SHOW TO A COMPLETELY NEW 
LEVEL! 
Experience excitement and emotions - from stage to fan and back again. 
#OnScreenTogetherCreating a soundscape together with applause and cheers, send emoji visible for everyone on the screens and participate visibly with short videos.
 
#OurEmotionsOnScreenUp to 32 buttons can be assigned individual sounds, texts, web pages and emoji and can be shown and hidden in real time.  
 
 
 
 
 
#PositiveFeedbackLoopThis excitement reaches the stage and creates the necessary power for great live moments. 
#DynamicCallToActionWith our app you reach your target group, activate them and stay in their minds. And you can display additional call-to-action buttons at the perfect moment. 
FOR SPORT-EVENTS  
 
FOR LIVE-EVENTS 
 
Features that make it happen 
 
						Audible emotions in real time					
						Cheering, singing, clapping, whistling, shouting, laughing and many more.					
						Visible emotions in real time					
						Sharing emojis: smileys, hearts, thumbs up, etc.					
						See and be seen					
						Short live fan videos on huge screens in the show. 					
						Offers at the perfect moment					
						Promotions, merchandise, upsells - directly via the App. 					
 
WE ARE 
				EMOTIONS			
				ENJOYMENT			
				LIVEFEELING			
				LIMITLESS			
				COMMUNITY EXPERIENCE			
				NOT JUST ON THE SIDELINES			
Business 
 
 Play Video
 
 
0
k+
downloads
0
Custom Interfaces
0
k+
active users
0
media links
Discover the possibilities 
Customizable ButtonsUp to 32 buttons can be assigned individual sounds, texts, web pages and emoji and can be shown and hidden in real time. 
 
Everything in real timeThe app works in real-time, i.e. all sounds, emoji and configuration changes are transferred after a maximum of 0.2 seconds (latency).
 
Maximum scalabilityMore than 1 million fans simultaneously possible. 
Professional SoundThe sound will be embedded into your livestream or played directly to the user by the app.
 
Professional VisualsThe emoji, fan videos and activity display are embedded in your video stream (chroma keying) or displayed directly via web browser (big screen). 
Professional controlThe configuration of the button sets, sounds, emoji and visuals are controlled in real-time via a browser, the MyApplause app or OSC-enabled hardware. 
 
						#WE ARE REAL					
						We are co-creators, not just spectators. 
We give fans their voice.					
 
						WE ARE THRILLED					
						We are electrifying. We support what inspires us. 					
 
						WE ARE SUPERDYNAMIC					
						We are super responsive, fast and flexible. 					
OUR STORY  
Invented at the beginning of the Corona crisis with the clear goal of bringing emotions back to the stadiums and stages of the world.After initial tests in Bundesliga stadiums, the app caught the attention of the press and an international media storm emerged. Since then the MyApplause team has been in contact with sports leagues, clubs and event organizers at the highest level.We are problem solvers, freethinkers and fans of live events. 
 
MEDIA ECHO 
						"With one stroke, an unusual form of stadium atmosphere is created even without an audience, replacing the ghostly silence. "We include every fan with this. We want to make it as authentic as possible," says Mraz. In Frankfurt, chants like "Black, white as snow, that's the SGE" could be heard even without the powerful-voiced northwest curve."
FAZ 24.04.2020 
Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung 
						"There's a new trick: The fans in front of the TV determine via ‘MeinApplaus.de’ how loud it is in the stadium and at home on the sofa. Four developers from the ‘Herzenswerk.IT’ team in Munich released the fan app in time for the planned ghost games."
Bild 17.04.2020 
Bild.de 
						"Sportsmail has learned that Liverpool, Manchester City and Arsenal have held talks this week with a German technology company who have developed an app which will offer supporters four choices for generating noise to be played in empty grounds.
The app also gives clubs the option of using different sound levels for home and away supporters, which could reduce some of the objections to the Premier League campaign being concluded at neutral venues by maintaining a semblance of home advantage."
Daily Mail 05.05.2020 
DailyMail.co.uk 
ENTHUSIASTIC CUSTOMER VOICES 
						I could literally feel the participants positive energy in my studio by their cheering and reactions shouting YES and I via the app. MyApplause sounds great and makes us feel connected like we are in the same physical and emotional place. I love it and recommend it for any kind of real-time fan engagement. 					
Tony RobbinsCoach, Speaker, Author 
						I find the app incredibly innovative and I am convinced that the app will be a huge success.					
Hansi MüllerFootball Legend 
						It is a beautiful acoustic background sound. Keep up the good work and I will continue to use the app. 
Thanks for your creativity.
					
Ingo AppeltComedien 
						We used the ingenious MyApplause app at our 19th Stuttgart Knowledge Forum and we are thrilled with the excellent support of the team and the extensive features like speaker ratings, mentimeters and other call-to-action buttons. The app enabled the speakers to interact with 550 participants in the venue and 1300 viewers in the live stream on a whole new innovative level. Especially the emoji in the stream and on the screens and the rousing applause in the big hall generated great added value for our event. Our customers and the speakers enjoyed it very much!					
Gerd KulhavyCEO of Speakers Excellence Deutschland Holding GmbH 
						We successfully deployed MyApplause's ultra-low latency streaming for a corporate event with over 1,000 attendees in July 2021. Thank you very much for the great stream - both in terms of latency (~1.5s) and quality - and your first-class support.					
Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG 
						Finally, tangible emotions for online events or TV shows, too! An uncomplicated, personalizable and cost-effective solution to involve employees, customers or viewers and to collect mood and feedback in real time. At our annual sales staff event, both audience members and speakers were enthusiastic about using MyApplause. We will book it again for other events, even smaller ones.					
Carmen GenhartSales Strategy Manager at Swisscom (Switzerland) AG  
 Previous
 Next
 
 
Start YOUR show now and experience YOUR fans in a completely new way. 
We are the perfect partner for emotional online events for artists and fans. Our technology inspires. We love the emotions of live events, are enthusiastic creators of visionary solutions and experts in the field of IT security.In addition, we offer focused competence through cooperation for an optimal mood experience. 
 
+49 69 5060 75087
Contact us 
								Name							
								Phone number							
								Email							
								Subject							
								Your message							
 
I have read and agree with the privacy policy.   
Submit
MyApplause 
We bring the emotions back into the arenas of this world. From the stage to the fan and back again.  
Links 
MyApplause App
Features
Testimonials
Contact
Imprint
Privacy policy
Social Media
Follow Us 
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
Copyright 2020 MyApplause GmbH All Rights Reserved. 
MyApplause Newsletter
 
Get regular updates and do not miss any MyApplause event.  
								First Name							
								Last Name							
								Email Address							
I have read and agree with the privacy policy. 
subscribe now