Neoscan Solutions | Innovating MRI made in Germany  |  About us
top of page
NewsContact
Welcome to New Answers in MRIMR Technology Made in GermanyWelcome to Neoscan Solutions! We are a young MedTech company burning for magnetic resonance: radiation-free imaging with virtually endless possibilities for anatomical and functional diagnostics. 
For us, MRI is the imaging modality of the future. That's why we are developing new solutions for tomorrow's MRI: compact, digital, and innovative.
​#addictedtoMRIProjectA compact 1.5T MRI system for newborns and infants up to the age of 2 years. 
​
Have a look inside and check out more about our research and development
​
​
​MOREThe youngest and most vulnerable patients deserve the best medical care and treatment. Powerful imaging has a significant impact on a quick and precise diagnosis.
  
Neoscan Solutions brings imaging advances to the infants: 
Into the NICU - to the patients. 
​
More about the clinical needs of MRI in pediatrics and neonatology is described here:MOREThe company
News
ContactAbout usWe are a medical technology start-up located at the science port in Magdeburg. We develop solutions in the field of MRI.  We are an international, and interdisciplinary team and work on topics that we find very exciting: MRI is the imaging modality that provides the best soft tissue contrast non-invasively and we are determined that more patients will have access to it.Anker 1Our first project is an MRI system designed for use in neonatology and pediatrics. Newborns and infants up to the age of 2 years can be examined. Providing the youngest patients easy access to radiation-free imaging is revolutionizing the diagnostic capabilities of pediatric radiology. More about the clinical need for new imaging solutions in pediatrics is described here:MOREThe Neoscan Solutions MRI system is newly designed from scratch. The conductively cooled magnet, the RF system, and the console were developed by our interdisciplinary team here in Magdeburg. In addition to the MR scanner development, we are also working on new software solutions for MR imaging in clinical and university use: for example, a simple and intuitive MR sequence design application for radiologists and physicists. More about the research and development of our MR system is described here:MOREOur young company works together with the Otto-von-Guericke-University in Magdeburg and especially with the research campus STIMULATE. We are a team of currently 26 employees, including about 10 working students.
 
To check out more about our projects, the Neoscan Solutions team, and the development of the baby MRI, follow us here:
​Big day:  Our first MR imaging acquisition of fruits.Have a look into the laboratories, offices, and production halls of Neoscan Solutions and the Research Campus STIMULATE.  Learn more about our start-up and the location here at the "Center of Excellence" in  Saxony-Anhalt.
​Anker 2Company StatementOUR VISIONMRI is the imaging modality of the future. We enable better healthcare for the youngest and most vulnerable patients worldwide by offering easy access to individual high-end MRI examinations.OUR MISSIONWe are pioneers in the field of MRI, providing added value for patients and clinical workflows. We achieve progress by rethinking existing processes and applications and finding new paths to new answers. Together with our partners and customers, we realize our vision by creating sustainable and reliable solutions for tomorrow's medical care.OUR CORE VALUESWe are passionate about innovation - 
shaping the future
We collaborate -
developing together with partners and  customers
We focus on our strengths - 
burning for MRI
We think ahead -
setting new quality standards.
We deliver results - 
providing safe and long-living products
for tomorrow’s digital worldAnker 3NEWSGerman Chancellor Olaf Scholz in Magdeburg - August 2022The German Chancellor Olaf Scholz was visiting the Otto-von-Guericke-University Magdeburg at the Research Campus Stimulate. Neoscan Solutions feels highly honored by the opportunity to have a quick conversation with him about our innovations in the field of MRI, among them our novel magnet technology based on a high temperature superconductor. The approach allows to improve the accessibility for pediatric patients to MRI, or to build ultra-high field magnets such as a 14T adult MRI. Pediatric MRIClinical NeedAbout usThe companyVision & MissionNewsCareerR & D1.5T Neonatal MRITouchUIFirst ImagesPreclinical MRIMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.Contact us:info@neoscan-solutions.com+49 391 5639 8540Neoscan Solutions GmbH
Joseph-von-Fraunhofer-Str. 6
39106 Magdeburg
Germany
We collaborate with Otto-von-Guericke-University, and we participate in the STIMULATE Research Campus. We are supported by grants from the State of Saxony-Anhalt and the European Union.Public FundingImpressumbottom of page