NMS PRIME - Network Provisioning Tool and Management Platform
 
Skip to content
 
Apps
Provisioning
OS Provisioning
OS VoIP
PRIME VoIP Envia
Administration
PRIME High Availability
PRIME Property
PRIME Customer Control
OS Mail
PRIME Dashboard
Billing
PRIME Billing
PRIME Overdue
Monitoring
PRIME Monitoring
PRIME VoIP Monitoring
Failure Management
PRIME Detect
PRIME Workforce
OS Control
Ticketing
PRIME Ticket
Partner
Find A Trusted Partner
Become A Partner
News
Docu
Confluence
Forum
Blog
Youtube
Events
Podcasts
Demo
Company
Words from the CEO
Who we are
Meet the Team
Support
Jobs
Contact
Contact us
Free Trial 
NMS PRIME - Provisioning Tool and Management Platform 
ISP-IN-A-BOX 
From ISPs for ISPs. NMS Prime grew out of an Internet provider and knows the challenges from its own experience.  
It offers the first technology- and vendor-independent software platform for ISPs. From provisioning to monitoring and assurance, NMS Prime offers the right solution in a modular platform concept. 
Free trial
Schedule Demo
 
Discover the different NMS PRIME Applications  
Provisioning 
Monitoring 
Billing 
 
Provisioning
 
VoIP
 
VoIP Envia
 
Monitoring
 
VoIP Monitoring
 
Billing
 
Overdue
Administration 
Failure Management 
Ticketing 
 
High Availability
 
Property
 
Customer Control
 
Dashboard
 
Detect
 
Workforce
 
Control
 
Ticket
All solutions are technology and vendor agnostic. 
 
IF you need any help with finding the perfect bundle for your specific conditions, feel free to   
Contact us
Contact a local Partner
Collective Solutions 
 
ADD YOURS
easy access the isp markt with your own solutions 
All ASPECTS in one place 
Increase EfficiencyFix any lack of automation. 
Superior Service QualityReach a whole new level of customer satisfaction.
 
Easy IntegrationNo more exhausting integration processes.
Save Ressourcesand use a single, cost-effective and modular solution.
 
Revenue ChannelUse our network of customers and partners to sell your own developments.
Honor your Engineeringand increase economic efficiency at the same time.Read More
 
PartnershipYou are looking for a valuable partnership? Feel free to contact us at any time​.
Become a Trusted Partnerand be part of the technical transition.Read More
 
Access Networkwith the free foundation of each network operator.
Enjoy experienced Solutionsfor free and be able to extend your system with anything you need.
 
Choose after your preferences  | Add own Developments | ensure superior service quality  
Every Human OnlineSupport our foundation and help to enable internet access for everyone.
Still 3b people worldwide without internetWe want to change that with every sell.Read More
 
 
0
Countries worldwide
Trusted and loved by our customers 
We have been using NMS Prime's solutions for over two years now - first for our DOCSIS and later extended to the DSL networks. We are very pleased with this decision and are working closely together to develop concepts on how to simplify further parts of the existing software architecture in follow-up projects. In this way, we jointly ensure that we have a future-proof and cost-efficient OSS solution. Our cooperation is constructive and we are satisfied with NMS Prime's support and flexibility.
Axel Grün
 Director Operations and procurator at TKS 
Very Good. Especially the appearance and the possibility for Monitoring and Geo-Analysis.
Christian Knöfel
Founder & CEO of Ilm-Provider UG
With NMS Prime we ended two years of horrible software adoption within a few weeks.
Daniel Unverricht
CTO of ERZNET
 
Start improving your business today 
Free trial
Schedule Demo
Subscribe to our newsletter 
 
 
Copyright © 2023 NMSPrime.com Github
Youtube
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
 
Impressum
Datenschutz
 
Sign Up
Already have an account?Log inSign up
Login
Don't have an account? Click here toSign upRemember meLog in
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsRejectACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
Necessary                            
Necessary
Always Enabled 
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
 
CLOSE            
×            
  