OKAPI:Orbits – Making NewSpace safer.
Skip to content
Home
About us
Services
Jobs
Blog
Documentation
 
Space Situational Awareness 
for automated collision avoidance
Schedule a demo 
 
New Ideas for NewSpace
NewSpace, also known as entrepreneurial space or commercial space, is a term used to describe the emerging private spaceflight sector all over the world. This designation especially refers to new,  commercially oriented, independent companies in the aerospace industry, who mostly strive for faster and cheaper access to space. The NewSpace market is growing rapidly and with it the space debris problem. We as OKAPI:Orbits want to secure satellite operators' operations in space by providing multiple, customized service packages and specialist consultancy for truly everyone. Our team unifies several years of experience from space debris to space situational awareness to help you focus on your mission to create a sustainable earth environment.
Objects ≥ 10cm
30000
Tracked objects
18000
Collision warnings p.a
4000000
Coffees during development
1959
Our Products
As experts in the field of space situational awareness and space surveillance and tracking we offer software solutions to safely operate satellites and contribute to a sustainable space environment. Our cloud solutions contain a wide range of flexible modules  and standardized interfaces to meet the specific needs of our costumers including:
 
																					Environment visualization																			
 
																					Manoeuvre design																			
 
																					Conjunction analysis																			
 
																					Re-entry predictions																			
 
																					High accuracy orbit propagation and determination																			
 
																					Pass prediction																			
  
 
  
 
Let’s see how the OKAPI Platform works  
 
 Please accept YouTube cookies to play this video. By accepting you will be accessing content from YouTube, a service provided by an external third party.
YouTube privacy policy
If you accept this notice, your choice will be saved and the page will refresh.
Accept YouTube Content
 
 Imprint   Privacy
 
Proudly powered by WordPress
 | 
			Theme: Sydney by aThemes.		
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie SettingsAcceptManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled 
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 
								Functional							
Functional
 
									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								
								Performance							
Performance
 
									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								
								Analytics							
Analytics
 
									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								
								Advertisement							
Advertisement
 
									Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								
								Others							
Others
 
									Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								
SAVE & ACCEPT