Perun
	Skip to content
 
 
 
 
Use Cases
Perun SDK
Whitepaper
Career
Contact
Blog
 Blockchains in real-time 
Perun is an off-chain framework that supports real-time payments as well as complex business logic and interoperability between blockchains. 
Get Started Now!​
 
 
 
Interoperable and Efficient Blockchain Ecosystems 
The Perun framework seamlessly integrates into your blockchain solution and enables: 
 
Cross-chainFunctionality 
Perun connects people across multiple blockchains, allowing interoperability between different currencies and blockchain networks. 
 
Unlimited Scalability 
Transactions are instant, energy efficient and cheap to enable massively increased throughput by applying Layer-2-Technology 
 
Provable Security  
Virtual channel technology can keep your transaction data private and is continually proven secure to guarantee state-of-the-art procedures. 
 
OfflinePayments 
Perun supports payments over NFC and Bluetooth without an active internet connection. 
 
 
Get Started Now! 
Perun SDK 
Go API to integrate Perun off-chain technology into your existing blockchain solutionBlockchain-independent Perun protocol engineHighly adaptable software architecture – support for any networking, logging or database requirementsSecurely designed from the ground up 
Perun Node 
Light-weight and IoT-readyCLI, gRPC (small g) and HTTP REST interfacesHigh performance – support for thousands of transactions per secondHigh reliability – never lose any keys or channel states 
 
Visit the Perun SDK Repo!
 
Visit the Perun Node Repo!
Tutorials
 
Our Research 
Our technology is based on cutting edge research and implemented in Go. 
Based on state channels 
The first component of Perun’s off-chain framework are State Channels. State Channels allow users to execute massive amounts transactions off-chain, while the security is backed by the underlying blockchain. The soundness of our protocols has been analyzed with cutting edge methods of cryptographic research. 
View PDF
And more!
 
 
 
Supercharge your blockchain today! 
We develop secure off-chain solutions for your business. We support you from the conceptualisation phase all the way to deployment. Perun’s off-chain technology enables your blockchain to run fast and secure. 
Contact Us
Our Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Join us and make blockchains ready for mass adoption. 
Check out our open positions!
Contact us to learn more. 
 
info@perun.network 
Created By 
 
 
Github
 
Linkedin
 
Medium
 
Twitter
 
Discord
 
Follow Us 
Github
 
Linkedin
 
Medium
 
Twitter
 
Discord
 
 
Imprint & Privacy Policy 
© 2022 PolyCrypt GmbH. All rights reserved 
 
					Perun State Channel Framework				
All rights reserved