Energy Storage
		Skip to content
 
Home
Catalyst Storage Analytics
Applications
About Us
Job Offers
Blog
 
 
 
Main Menu
 
 
 Wind and Solar.   All Day.   Every Day. 
Liquid Air Energy Storage enabling a 100% renewable future!
We at phelas are developing an electricity storage system to use solar and wind power even when the sun is not shining and the wind is not blowing. Our system Aurora uses a newly developed thermodynamic process to store energy in liquid air. Through this modular, affordable and sustainable technology, we pave the way towards a 24/7 renewable energy supply worldwide. 
Want to learn more about it?
Get in contact!
  
Our Technical Concept
phelas Aurora is a completely new thermodynamic storage system, that builds on the principles of liquid air energy storage (LAES). We use the strengths of LAES (no harmful materials, reliable components with high TRL, flexibility in scaling power and capacity independently) and adapt that to energy storage requirements. Our proprietary process design includes a custom integrated internal heat management, custom cooling process and drastic simplification of the liquefaction process. We are currently developing the world’s first prototype of a LAES system in modular container design. This makes the system not only highly flexible and transportable, but also suitable for mass production and thus economically viable.
Convincing Unique Selling Points
 Flexible in sizing power storage capacity, physical location
No environmental & health risk  from deployed materials
Storage medium is globally available: Abundant air
Usage of proven & reliable off-the-shelf technology (low maintenance)
European supply chain of components and materials
Excellent ecological, social, and governance rating
Your Benefits
Energy Producers
Empowering Renewable Energy IntegrationControlled storage-powered grid feed-in at times when wholesale electricity market prices are high will significantly improve the profit from your wind or solar farm.Ecological Social & Governance Criteria ReadyAurora is designed to excel at all ESG criteria and allows your purchase to stay investable despite unpredictable regulation changes.
System Operator
Stabilizing the GridBlack start capability, reactive power compensation as well as strategic charging and discharging will enhance the quality of supply and relief network congestions of your distribution grid in a cost competitive manner.
Industry
Lowering Energy Procurement CostsSmart charging and discharging of our storage will mitigate network and demand charges and therefore reduce the overall energy procurement cost of your company.Full FlexibilityAurora provides full flexibility in adapting to your use-case with the option to reconfigure later.
Want to learn more about the potential of our technology for your business?
Get in touch with our Storage Business Developer!
Our Partners & Supporters
      
   
     
   
Mastodon
 
 
Home
Catalyst Storage Analytics
Applications
About Us
Job Offers
Blog
 
 
LinkedinTwitter 
 
Home
About Us
Press
Impressum
 
phelas © 2023
 