Leading Venture Client Solutions | 27pilots
Skip to content
 
 
Venture Clients
Solutions
Knowledge
about us
Join Us
get in touch
 
 Menu
Venture Clients
Solutions
Knowledge
about us
Join Us
get in touch
 
Venture Client Excellence 
Boost your competitiveness
						with top Startups					
						through state-of-the-art Venture Client Solutions.					
 
 
Corporate venturing at scale 
Your Benefit 
						Startups are the competitive resource of the future! With our proven Venture Client Solutions, any company can benefit strategically from the world’s best startup technologies at groundbreaking speed, at low risk and across the entire value chain.					
						find out more					
The new corporate venturing standard 
WIDELY ADOPTED BY GLOBAL PLAYERS  
						Global players like BMW, Bosch, Holcim and Siemens prove that Venture Client Units are extremely effective and transformative corporate venturing vehicles. Their Venture Client Units - like the BMW Startup Garage, Open Bosch and Holcim MAQER - generate strategic benefits measured in millions of new revenue and cost savings. We established and operate highly successful Venture Client Units with our proven Venture Client Solutions at multiple Fortune 500 companies.					
						find out more					
 
 
 
 
The origin of the Venture Client Model & Solutions 
GROWN FROM EXPERTISE & ​PROVEN IN PRACTICE
						It started with one question: How can the entire organization benefit from many top startups fast and at low cost and risk? That was the challenge that our Founder Gregor Gimmy faced back in 2014, while he was an Innovation Manager at BMW. He solved it by radically re-thinking corporate venturing which resulted in the Venture Client Model. He first put his breakthrough approach into practice by founding the BMW Startup Garage as the world's first Venture Client Unit. Since then, the BMW Startup Garage has established itself as the primary vehicle to gain strategic benefits from startups at BMW. Based upon his expertise in building and managing the BMW Startup Garage, Gregor identified the need of Venture Client Units for specialized solutions. That is services, technology and data to build, grow and operate corporate Venture Client Units at scale. Gregor then founded 27pilots, which today is the leading Venture Client Solutions provider. BMW became 27pilots’s first customer!					
						find out more					
 
 
 
27pilots Founder / Gregor Gimmy 
THE INVENTOR OF THE  ​VENTURE CLIENT MODEL
						Our CEO and Founder Gregor Gimmy recognized that companies have insufficient capabilities to harvest startups as a strategic resource optimally. Understanding the limitations of traditional corporate venturing tools, he created the Venture Client Model, and put it into practice at BMW in 2015. After leading the BMW Startup Garage, Gregor founded 27pilots to create a suite of Venture Client Solutions. He is an active angel investor, author, guest lecturer at INSEAD and frequent speaker at conferences such as Slush, 4YFN and DLD. And he is the visionary and driving force of the Venture Client movement in industry as well as academia. 					
						find out more					
State-of-the-art solutions tailored to your needs 
OUR EXPERTISE FOR ​YOUR FUTURE COMPETITIVENESS 
BUILD Strategy & Structureof the Venture Client Unit 
Strategy & Structure
						Solutions for creating and scaling state-of-the-art organizational Venture Client capabilities.
					
						We have the most comprehensive and proven suite of Venture Client Solutions.
Our market leading Solutions are based on the proven processes and methods of the Venture Client Model. Our Solutions help companies to BUILD the strategic and structural capabilities to operate world-class Venture Client Units. We also offer solutions to OPERATE Venture Client Units at the highest quality standards. Here we offer Startup Adoption, Startup Intelligence and Branding & Promotion.
					
						find out more					
OPERATEConduct Venture Client Unit operations 
Startup Adoption
						Solutions for identifying and adopting top startup solutions for strategically relevant challenges.					
+ 
Startup Intelligence
						Solutions for strategy setting and decision making based upon data from the global startup-ecosystem and Venture Client corporations.
					
+ 
Startup Culture
						Solutions for making Venture Client Units known and trusted inside the corporation and in the startup ecosystem.					
 Venture Client Excellence 
Benefit and learn ​from the original.
27pilots joins the Deloitte family
						This strategic move will enable 27pilots to scale its client offering internationally, responding quickly to growing corporate demand for our venture client solutions. 					
						find out more					
Harvard Business Review
						What BMW’s Corporate Venture Client Unit Offers That Regular Investors Can’t					
						read on hbr.org					
Gregor Gimmy | Book
						Buy, don’t invest! How you benefit strategically from startups through the Venture Client Model					
						The Book					
WiWo Article
						Warum viele Unternehmen lieber Kunde als Investor werden					
						Read on wiwo.de					
LET's talk.
						Get in touch with us.					
						contact					
 
© 2022 27pilots GmbH. All rights Reserved. 
legal
 
Linkedin
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Medium
 
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent