ROCKFISH Games GmbH
Home
Games
Studio
Journey
Jobs
Contact
Menu
Menu
 
Ceto / Alcyone Stationby DarkChaos
Drake / Gilbert Shelfby Exel
Union / Avonrestby Whisky-Dancer
Ceto / Ceto Orbitby ItsYFP
Cetoby Ollibyte
Union / Ceto Transit Gateby DarkChaos
Ceto / Outlaw Outpostby YASV
Drake / Letho Starportby TheChemicalBro
Khaït Nebulaby Exel
Khaït Nebula / Athor Iby DarkChaos
Union / Noah Damaris Starportby YASV
Crystal Caveby ItsYFP
Zharkov / Vesna Mining Colonyby Yasv
Union / Freelancer Outpostby ItsYFP
Union / Noah Damaris Starportby ItsYFP
Union / Ayres Relay StationCeto / Asteroid Fieldby Kizaw
Union / Zharkov Border Controlby Whisky Dancer
Ceto / Nephtys Plainsby AceOfBlades
Ceto / Palamounts Woundby ItsYFP
Khaït Nebula / Rhaïm Gateby Darkchao
Khaït Nebula / Athorian Reefby Kizaw
Drake / Alpha Draco Thermal Plantby AceOfBlades
Drake / Terra Novaby CrispyMuffin
Drake / Coalition Cargo Terminalby Kizaw
Drake / Alpha Draco Claimby DarkChaos
PreviousNext1234567891011121314151617181920212223242526
ROCKFISH Games is an independent gaming studio, specialized in creating high-quality 3D space games for PC and consoles in Unreal Engine 4. It was founded by mobile games veterans Michael Schade and Christian Lohr, who have been joint entrepreneurs in the space of 3D graphics for over 25 years. As founders and managers of Fishlabs Entertainment, they spearheaded 3D mobile gaming for almost a decade before they took on a new adventure with ROCKFISH Games.
“While we will never forget what mobile as a gaming platform did for us, we are thrilled about the unlimited opportunities for creating and self-publishing digital premium games on PC and consoles. In combination with Epic Games’ Unreal Engine 4 being available at no upfront fees, even small teams can deliver top-notch gaming experiences across PC, Xbox and PlayStation to their fans, directly.”
Michael Schade, CEO & Co-Founder
Our Games
As a veteran AAA mobile games dev team, we rebooted as ROCKFISH Games to venture into PC and console gaming in 2014. We raised $475K on Kickstarter for EVERSPACE, a roguelike spaceship shooter, which became a surprise hit with over one million copies sold on PC, Xbox, PS4, and Switch.
Thanks to this commercial success, we were able to make a giant leap and start creating an open-world spaceship shooter with RPG elements, tons of loot, deep exploration and tell an even larger story in EVERSPACE 2. For our new title, we have recently managed to raise over $550k on Kickstarter and are now working closely with our community towards Steam Early Access in late 2020.
Read more
Our Studio
We believe that working together with a friendly bunch of talented and passionate people on a cohesive vision is the foundation for creating something truly outstanding. Just like most game dev professionals, we spend most of our lifetime at our studio, so we appreciate a positive and quiet working environment with enough space and top working equipment for each and every one. As much as we love what we do, everyone in our team also enjoys having a private life. Which is why we don’t crunch. Period.
Read more
Our Journey
While our heritage is AAA mobile gaming, we are super excited about creating high-quality PC and console premium games. Empowered by the unlimited possibilities of Unreal Engine 4, we are thrilled to create compelling gaming experiences as a truly independent studio, built by seasoned entrepreneurs and veteran devs with over a decade of joint team experience. Infused with a healthy dose of young talents keeping our DNA fresh, we seek to create internationally successful action games by mixing proven gameplay mechanics with new ideas, accessible controls, stunning visuals, top-notch audio and clever storytelling.
Read more
   
 Twitter >
Facebook >
Youtube >
Reddit >
 Imprint
Privacy Policy
 © Copyright – ROCKFISH Games GmbH
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.Accept all cookiesDo not accept cookiesSettings
Cookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Accept settingsDo not accept cookies