 
Sanity Group: Unlocking the benefits of cannabinoids | Home
 
Skip to the content 
 
Who We are
Our Purpose
Contact
Press
 
 Menu
Who We are
Our Purpose
Contact
Press
 
Unlocking the health benefits of cannabinoids.
 
 
Learn More
Unlocking the health benefits on cannabinoidsLearn more 
We are a team of medical experts. 
 
Meet our team
Medical Advisory Board 
Our Medical Advisory Board is made up of renowned Healthcare Professionals whose unique perspectives and expertise inform the strategic direction and success of the company. 
 
Learn More
Political Advisory Board 
Our Political Advisory Board comprises renowned political experts and healthcare professionals who provide strategic guidance and advice to support Sanity Group to meet its mission and objectives. 
 
Learn More
Latest News 
				Cannabis legalization in Germany – Statement on the revised cornerstone paper			
			12. April 2023		
Today, the German government presented a revised cornerstone paper for the planned cannabis legalization. According to that, cannabis will be allowed to be cultivated in certain quantities privately and in Cannabis Social Clubs, in a second step there will also be regional pilot projects. Finn Hänsel, CEO of Berlin-based cannabis company Sanity Group, comments on this in a first statement.
			Read more		
				Endosane Pharmaceuticals agrees to Licence Agreement with PreveCeutical Medical thereby Securing Exclusive Rights to Innovative Technology			
			12. January 2023		
Berlin/Vancouver, January 16, 2023 – Endosane Pharmaceuticals, a Berlin-based pharmaceutical company, and PreveCeutical Medical Inc. (CSE: PREV, OTCQB: PRVCF, FSE: 18H) of Canada have entered into a licensing agreement through which Endosane Pharmaceuticals has obtained exclusive access and use rights to the Sol-Gel technology developed by PreveCeutical Medical for the delivery of cannabinoid products.
			Read more		
				Sanity Group welcomes aspects of the official document outlining the key points on cannabis legalization, but sees room for improvement			
			26. October 2022		
Today, the official cornerstone paper of the German government on the controlled dispensing of cannabis to adults for consumption purposes was presented. This follows details released from an internal, non-coordinated draft that became public last week. From the point of view of Sanity Group, one of the leading cannabis companies in Germany, the final and revised version contains interesting approaches and some fruitful frameworks, but the Berlin-based company is critical of certain points.
			Read more		
<
Page1
Page2
Page3
Page4
Page5
> 
 
Über uns 
Unser Ziel
Gründer & Team
Beiräte & Investoren
Jobs & Karriere
Podcast
Company 
VAAY
This Place
Vayamed
AVAAY Medical
Belfry Medical
Endosane Pharmaceuticals
Wissenswertes 
Blog
Factsheets Legalisierung
Timeline Legalisierung
Umfragen Legalisierung
Pressebereich 
Presseseite
 
Mediathek
 
Newsroom
Kontakt 
 
E-Mail
Kontaktformular
Anbaupartner werden
Datenschutz   |   Impressum 
© 2018-2023 Sanity Group GmbH. All rights reserved. 
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Spotify
 