Proactive Crisis Management & Emergency Notification System - FACT24
Skip to content
Product
                    Product Overview            
                    FACT24 ENS+            
                    FACT24 CIM            
                    Why FACT24?            
                    Take your Incident Preparedness Test Now            
                    ISO Certification and Availability            
                    FACT24 Product Demo            
 
Customer Support
                    Contact Support            
                    Login            
                    Help Portal            
 
                    Company            
                Product Demo            
                Contact            
EN
Search FACT24
                        Deutsch                    
                        English                    
                        Español                    
                        Français                    
                        Norsk                    
Manage every crisis simply and professionally.
Discover the comprehensive range of services offered by FACT24 – the integrated solution for proactive crisis management and emergency alerting in critical business situations.
Request Free Demo Access
Crises cannot be prevented, but we can help you overcome them.
No matter what crisis situation impacts you: With the right digital crisis management software, you can better manage critical situations. We have developed FACT24 to make it easier for companies of all kinds to safeguard lives and assets.
Digital crisis management and emergency response with FACT24 Software-as-a-Solution is:
Proactive
Good crisis management begins before the crisis. With preventive measures, training and preparation as well as consistent monitoring of all incidents. FACT24 helps you to intervene as early as possible. In the best case scenario, before an incident turns into a crisis.
Reliable
We provide a dedicated and personal service on request 24/7, across 13 locations worldwide. We guarantee the availability of FACT24 – due to our resilient infrastructure, ISO certification with high regard to data protection and information security.
Simple
Critical situations can be complex to manage, therefore you need a solution that is simple to operate. FACT24 enables you to plot the entire BCM process chain in a single tool. So you can concentrate on what matters most during a critical event.
More About FACT24
Integrated solution for proactive crisis management and emergency notification with FACT24
FACT24 Application Areas for Emergency Notification and Crisis Management
With FACT24, you can design your crisis management proactively and digitally, from preparation to evaluation. It consists of two central applications: FACT24 ENS+ stands for Emergency Notification Services, FACT24 CIM allows for full crisis and incident management during critical events. Find out more about the areas of application that are covered:
FACT24 ENS+
Secure and comprehensive Emergency Notification Services
Occupational Health & Safety
Initiate relevant rescue measures, prepare them and analyse them afterwards to optimise your internal processes.
Technical Alerting & Smart Security
FACT24 can also be connected directly to sensors and technical equipment and automatically alert the emergency team in the event of an incident.
Emergency (Mass) Notification  Management
Alert the relevant teams or activate an evacuation if required immediately, to guarantee the safety of all those affected.
FACT24 CIM
Proactive 360° crisis management with FACT24 CIM
Early Warning & Preparedness
Observe all kinds of risks. Prepare today to be able to act tomorrow and avoid business or reputation damages.
Managing Crisis Situation
For critical situations you need a solution that is simple to operate and can plot the entire BCM process chain in a single tool.  
All ENS+ Alerting Capabilities
The all in one functionality is given due to the connection of our secure and comprehensive FACT24 ENS+ functionalities.
More Than 3,000 Customers from All IndustriesTrust the Services of F24 in Critical Situations.
Take the next steps with FACT24 
10 reasons to use FACT24
Download Now
How our customers use FACT24
Read More
What our customers say:
Watch Now
Get in touch: Request your free product demo now or contact us.
Product Demo
Contact 
United Kingdom
+44 1923 437 784
United Arab Emirates
+971 4 589 7931
Homepage 
Would you like to know why other companies rely on FACT24?
                Find out here            
We guarantee the availability of FACT24 and are ISO certified.
                Learn more
Product 
Product Overview FACT24 ENS+ Emergency Notification FACT24 CIM Crisis Management Why FACT24? ISO Certification and Availability FACT24 Product Demo 
Customer Ressources 
Contact Support Login Help Portal 
        Signup for Newsletter    
 
About F24
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
We Are Here for You.
Do you have any questions on FACT24? Then simply fill out the form below, and we will get back to you shortly. Click here for phone contact.
We Are Here for You.
Do you have any questions on FACT24? Then simply fill out the form below, and we will get back to you shortly.
Schedule a Free Demo.
See how crisis can be managed easily and professionally.
LIVE DEMO | The Guided Tour for Your Individual Requirements
Schedule an individual appointment with a team member from F24 and get answers to your questions directly.Receive a live demonstration of the tool covering your specific needs.Receive your individual demo account to test FACT24 30 days free of charge.
VIDEO DEMO | The 5 Minute Overview
Watch a short demonstration video to see how FACT24 works.Learn about the areas of application and key benefits.