 
Optimize your international delivery - Seven Senders
 
Skip to content
Login
English
Deutsch
Français
Español
Italiano
polski
 
Why Seven Senders
Platform
 Overview
 Connect & ShipConnect through the central API and gain access to the Delivery Platform
Central API
Last Mile Carriers
 CreateEnhance your shipping portfolio with additional services
PUDO Locator
Labels
Customs
7SGreenUse our search engine for all information on shipments.
 EngageCommunicate and interact with recipients
TrackingKeep your customers up to date with a tracking page.
Notifications
 ControlClear overview of your shipping process
Analytics
Parcel Finder
Communication Center
Invoice Data
 ProtectOur insurance solution for all your parcels
Insurance
Claims Center
 ReturnMaximum convenient returns for your customers
Return Portal
Ad-Hoc Return Label
Solutions
 Shipping as a competitive advantage
Increase salesConquer new and existing markets with the highest customer satisfaction
Reduce costsBenefit from less complexity and an optimal carrier mix.
 Shipping as a sales argument
Europe-wide shippingCombine the strengths of all carriers in Europe.
 Blank
Customer communicationGuarantee continuous contact with your customers.
Data-based optimizationImprove your shipping processes with data.
 Blank
Mission zero
Resources
 Blank
MagazineRead our blog for the latest insights into logistics and e-commerce.
 Blank
LibraryDownload our expert shipping guides, white papers, and customer stories.
Get started
 
English
Deutsch
Français
Español
Italiano
polski
First choice on 
the last mile
Europe's leading delivery platform
Make a request now
These customers rely on Seven Senders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Learn more about our customers
The Seven Senders delivery platform: The whole package for your parcel
								Take your international parcel shipping to a new level. With the Seven Senders delivery platform, you get end-to-end shipping from the warehouse to customers in your target markets Europe-wide. Connect & Ship: the central API gives you access to the delivery platform – your one-stop solution with everything you need for smooth, cross-border shipping, including a plug & play label solution, EU-wide digital claim management, tracking, analytics, returns, and much more.							
								Regardless if your focus is speed or cost, you will benefit from shipping tailored to the local requirements of your customers. After all, Seven Senders connects you to more than 100 last mile carriers. And with 7SGreen CO2-neutral shipping you serve the growing environmental awareness of your customers. Secure your international competitive advantage with a customized bundle solution.  							
Find out more
					 
				
					 
				
 
Open up across Europe: international delivery as a competitive advantage
Increase sales in new and existing markets 
Customize your delivery options with Seven Senders optimally to the service expectations of your customers. Guarantee the highest customer satisfaction through shipping like local shops in the respective target market and thus achieving additional sales from day one.
Increase sales now
Minimize your international delivery costs 
With our delivery platform, we connect you with all carriers in Europe. So you can deploy the local specialists exactly where they are best. This leads not only to satisfied customers in your target market but also to low costs.
Reduce costs now
Customer success story
"Now we have the reins in our own hands!"
Flaconi beguiles its customers with wonderful fragrances – and with outstanding international delivery. The high-turnover beauty online retailer relies on carrier management and tracking software from Seven Senders for international delivery. Learn from Mathias Trilk, Head of Operations at Flaconi, how the global player is successfully growing internationally and saving costs at the same time.
Read full story
  
Think the customer journey further: shipping as a sales argument
Optimize your international delivery 
With our carrier network, you achieve maximum flexibility with minimum complexity and serve every European market in a short time. You benefit from the strengths of the individual carriers – everything from a single source. Benefit from logistics optimization!
Reach customer Europe-wide
Ensure seamless customer communication 
Stay in constant contact with your customers during shipping. Through automated notifications, you increase customer satisfaction and minimize the effort of your customer support by up to 30%. With our delivery platform, you keep your customers up-to-date!
Improve customer communication
Use data to optimize processes 
Gain insights into the performance of your entire supply chain and increase the significance of your reports through harmonized data across all carriers. Optimize your international delivery on the basis of numerous evaluation options.
 Data-based logistics optimization
This might also be of interest to you
 
Learn in our whitepaper how to create the optimal delivery experience to conquer new markets.
Download now
 
Insights and inspiration on the latest topics in e-commerce and logistics: read exciting articles in our online magazine.
Discover now
 
Enable your customers to generate their return label with a few clicks via the Return Portal. 
Learn more
 
Cross border dispatch via the delivery platform – this means a win-win situation for all parties involved. Read how it works. 
Inform now
 
Learn in our whitepaper how to create the optimal delivery experience to conquer new markets.
Download now
 
Insights and inspiration on the latest topics in e-commerce and logistics: read exciting articles in our online magazine.
Discover now
 
Enable your customers to generate their return label with a few clicks via the Return Portal. 
Learn more
 
Cross border dispatch via the delivery platform – this means a win-win situation for all parties involved. Read how it works. 
Inform now
Ensure the best possible shipping performance!
Benefit from our international solutions
Contact us now
Seven Senders
Why Seven Senders
About us
Mission zero
Career
Press
Contact us
 
Our Solutions
Increase sales
Reduce costs
 
Delivery Offers
Carrier Network
International Delivery
 
Our Delivery Services
Europe-wide shipping
Customer communication
Data-based optimization
 
Resources
Magazine
Online Library
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
 
Delivery Offers
Carrier Network
International Delivery
 
Resources
Magazine
Online Library
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
 
© 2023 Seven Senders GmbH
Imprint
Privacy Policy
 
We're hiring!