home page - smicro
Skip to content
 
smicroSuite
Solutions
Features
TISAX
Contact
Prices
About us
free trial
 
smicroSuite 
The Blended Learning Suite 
0
training events
0
users
0
countries
 
 
Register for a free trial
 
Real BLENDED LEARNING 
 
				The smicroSuite offers you all the building blocks for perfect blended learning from a single source. Let classic web based training, live streaming events and digitally supported face-to-face training flow perfectly together without having to worry about technical interfaces.					
 
 
 
 
 
Web based training 
				Create web based training quickly and easily without having to learn complicated authoring software. Our promise: You can create your first hotspot graphic or slider in just 15 minutes. You can integrate existing training material such as pdfs into your training in a matter of seconds. With push notifications and interactive pinboards, you ensure that the classic one-way communication web based training turns into real interaction.					
 
Live streaming events 
				With our live streaming function you can train the whole world if you wish. Events with more than 3,500 participants in several languages at the same time are no problem for the smicroSuite. The integrated chat function ensures a high level of interactivity even with such dimensions. In addition, your participants have access to interactive surveys at any time parallel to the stream, which you can immediately evaluate in real time. Once again, we offer you everything from a single source without interface problems.					
 
 
Face-to-face training 
With the smicroSuite you can also score in face-to-face training. Your participants not only have seamless access to their documents and notes from previous web based training and live streams, with features such as QR-code scanning, interactive live polls and individual task lists you can take your face-to-face training to a new level. The integrated event management tool replaces your Excel lists or stand-alone event tools and supports you in organising everything from the invitation to the departure of your participants. 
 
There are no limits to your creativity 
				Use more than 15 content types and make your training unique.					
PDFRating and comparisonVideoImage sliderHotspotTestsPinboardsTo-do listsFeedbackDownload 
 
Intuitive handling for trainer and students 
 
 
						Trainer System					
Content editor
Easy and intuitive WYSIWYG editor.
User and group management
Organize users in organizations, teams and groups.
Event and registration tool
The registration tool provides an all-in-one solution to invite your students to onsite training events.
Access management
Decide who has access to your training and contents and when.
Languages and translation
Translate your training within minutes to provide individual content in any language to an international audience.
QR code management
Using QR codes, students can be guided through the training, creating a flexible learning experience.
Learning progress
Know the current state and progress of your participants at one glance.
Learning paths
Utilise self defined rules and unlockables based on your participants’ progress and results, to create the ideal path for your content.
 
						Student System					
Structured multimedia training
Experience interesting training featuring multimedia and interactive workbooks providing a more engaging learning experience.
Notes management
Make notes to any content including pictures and videos.
Sharing and discussion
Share your notes and discuss with others.
Tests and surveys
Test your knowledge and provide feedback to your teacher.
Any device, anywhere
Work from any device. Browser, Android or iOS. Online or offline.
QR code navigation
Scanning QR codes, you can navigate to the right content independently.
Progress indication
Pick up where you stopped the training and get an overview of your overall progress.
Rewards and unlockables
Reach defined results or progress to unlock content and proceed your learning path.
 
Your advantages at a glance 
 
 
Digital classroom 
Distance doesn’t matter anymore.The digital classroom brings the training event to the participants. Our live stream and chat helps you to run courses and teach around the world. 
 
Learning paths 
				Define your students’ learning path by setting triggers. Decide which score in a test enables further progress or unlock rewards for successful exams.					
 
 
 
Learning experiences 
Turn your events into digital learning experiences. With our large selection of content types, you can create a varied and practical training for your participants. 
 
Micro learning 
Make knowledge available in small, interesting nuggets and thus keep the participant’s motivation to learn high. 
 
 
 
Social learning 
Within the training platform, your participants communicate and discuss with each other and thus learn from each other.Social interaction evidently leads to greater and more sustainable learning success. 
 
Seamless offline mode 
				Once downloaded, always available. No matter where you are, you can access our platform and the content you have posted. Whether on the train, on a business trip or at a customer’s site, flexibility is guaranteed.					
 
 
 
Instant content delivery 
				Don’t wait for agencies. Our intuitive backend gives you the opportunity to change and adapt content quickly and effectively. Changes are available within seconds.					
 
Content localization 
Not everything is right for everyone. Translate, adapt and localise your content exactly as it fits your needs. 
 
 
 
Cost reduction 
Scalability, independence from agencies in the event of changes, but also lower personnel costs are just a few opportunities to lower cost using the smicroSuite. 
 
 
Information security 
				The ENX Association supports with TISAX (Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange) on behalf of VDA the common acceptance of Information Security Assessments in the automotive industry. The TISAX Assessments are conducted by accredited audit providers that demonstrate their qualification at regular intervals. TISAX and TISAX results are not intended for general public.					
 
				For the smicro GmbH confidentiality, availability and integrity of information have great value. We have taken extensive measures on protection of sensitive and confidential information.
Therefore, we follow the question catalogue of information security of the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA ISA). The Assessment was conducted by an audit provider, in this case the TISAX audit provider TÜV Rheinland i-sec GmbH. The result is exclusively retrievable over the ENX portal:
https://www.enx.com/en-US/TISAX/tisaxassessmentresults/ 
Contact us to see if the smicroSuite is the solution you are looking for: 
 
 Your name (required)
 
 Your e-mail address (required)
 
 Subject
 
 Your message
 
Please leave this field empty.
Please accept here that the sent data will be stored in order to process your request. For further information please check our privacy policy.
 
Impressum
Datenschutz
 