These organizations appreciate it - 21strategies
 
homeapplicationsindustriesnewsaboutCONTACT
homeapplicationstactics21hedge21hedge21 corporatehedge21 alphahedge21 commoditiesindustriesnational securitycapital marketssupply chainnews21strategiesnational securityeconomytechnologyfinancefeuilletonop-edsreportspressadaboutcareersopen positionsbranding kitcontact usCONTACT
home
 
We transform how organizations make
    strategic and tactical decisions.
To aim at our mission, we leverage deep tech and third wave AI
    that makes decisions as good as or better than humans, but at machine speed.
 
 
 
These organizations appreciate it
 
 
"Are you looking for strategic and tactical superiority
of your supply chain, of your investing, or of security?
Let me explain to you what 21strategies can do for you."
PROF. YVONNE HOFSTETTER, CEO
        Request call    
 
 
 
    How we work
 
 
They use 21strategies to accomplish missions faster.
Find out how 21strategies brings your decision-making to machine speed.
 
 
    From the engine room
 
        View all posts    
 
 
JOIN OUR JOURNEY
Careers
        Current job openings    
We don't just talk about the next wave of Artificial Intelligence, we shape it.
We are an international team of experts from different fields
and together we want to make 21strategies great and contribute to growth.
Take your opportunity and become part of our team.
 
 
 
APPLICATIONS
hedge21 alpha
hedge21 corporate
hedge21 commodities
tactics21
 
INDUSTRIES
national security
capital markets
supply chain
 
 
QUICK LINKS
contact us
tactics21 government
about 21strategies
open positions
 
 
 
Imprint
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
LEGAL DISCLAIMER. This website and its associated documents (the “Website”) have been prepared by 21strategies GmbH and/or its affiliates
    ("21strategies") solely for information purposes with regard to their currency exposure related data product (the “Data Product”) and is being furnished through 21strategies solely for
    information purposes to assist the recipient in deciding whether to proceed with further analysis of the Data Product contemplated herein.
 
This Website is not a prospectus and does not constitute an offer or invitation or the solicitation of an offer for the sale or purchase of any assets or shares and
    shall not form the basis of, or constitute, any contract or binding offer. The information set out at this Website is preliminary and should not be relied upon for any purpose. Neither the
    receipt of this Website by any person, nor any information contained at this Website constitutes, or shall be relied upon as constituting, the giving of investment advice by 21strategies to any
    such person.
 
Recipients should conduct their own review and analysis of the Data Product, its vendor, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Past performance
    is not a guarantee of future results. Recipients should consider any procurement of the Data Product contemplated at this Website and its associated documents as a supplement to an overall
    investment program.
        Read more    
 
Log in
        Log out    
    |
    Edit
Scroll to top
 
Close