Automatic Time Tracking for Projects | timeBro
        This website uses cookies 
			We use cookies to tailor content, measure advertising, and provide a safer experience on our site. To learn more or manage your settings, go to Manage cookies.
		 Accept All Manage Settings Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint          Industries  Pricing Integrations Testimonials  en  Try free now Login    Never lose a minute with time tracking again   timeBro fully automatically records all programs and displays your working day – to help you remember every minute. This saves 75% of your time spent on time tracking.  
 Available for macOS 
 Available for Windows Watch demo No sign up required – just click through the demo    Never lose a minute with time tracking again   timeBro fully automatically records all programs and displays your working day – to help you remember every minute. This saves 75% of your time spent on time tracking.  
 Available for macOS 
 Available for Windows
		Start free trial 
	14-day non-binding trial - no payment details required
  timeBro relieves users from the daily grind of time tracking. Marco Zingler, CEO, denkwerk.de The tool shows to the minute what I've been working on. Polly McLean, Attorney, peaklaw.net  Automatic tracking as your second memory   timeBro records every minute in every window fully automatically.   Automatic tracking
timeBro records everything while you work
Every window - files, e-mails or browser
  100% Privacy
Nobody can see your recorded activities
No monitoring - data stays on your device
  Make time entries
See your day - and remember immediately
Make entries right next to the memory aid
  Export time entries
Send all time entries to your project software
Or export them as PDF, CSV or to Excel
  Timer software and estimates waste your time   Besides, even with daily time tracking, the accuracy is no more than 67%.   Wasting time   Timer software and timesheets either constantly interrupt workflows or are forgotten.  33-64% are forgotten   According to a study in Harvard Business Review, hindsight estimates are just about worthless.  Bad data - bad decisions   Controlling, billing and planning based on incorrect project times reduce profit.    Manual time tracking is time-consuming and inaccurate. Marco Trutter, CEO, trumedia.de Keeping the times of projects apart was nearly impossible. Martin Holzer, IT Director, birkengold.com It's amazing how much gut feeling and reality differ. Pierre de Senarclens, Designer, visum-design.ch I would always forget when I started or stopped on a project. Alex Dewey, SEO Specialist, libertymarketing.co.uk  timeBro is NO employee monitoring tool   No one can access your timeline – tracked activities never leave the user’s device as timeBro is an offline tool.  Only the user can see what timeBro has tracked.  Florian Schwarzbeck, Managing Director, becklyn.com Our employees have a guarantee that no one can view their data. Jochen Schlaier, Managing Director, denkwerk.com The built-in privacy of the tool definitely helps adoption as well. Kristoffer Lindvall, CTO, distancify.com  Connect timeBro with your project software   Your software is not listed yet? Contact us! We connect any project software with open API in a few days.                               
		How integrations work
	Start your 14-day free trial now   You don't have to provide any payment information. The trial period does not turn into a subscription.
Try our tracking for yourself. You lose nothing. Especially not time. Try for free          
					© 2016-2023 timeBro GmbH
				 
 Available for macOS 
 Available for Windows Company About us Testimonials Customers Contact Press Blog Schedule a call Jobs Free eBook Software Download Support Pricing FAQ Demo Connected Apps Integrations Become Partner Legal Imprint Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Data security Cookie Settings Follow us    Humorlessly engineered in Germany.          Manage Cookie Settings  Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work then. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Accept All Save Cookie Settings Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Imprint