Time tracking for Microsoft 365 - timeghost
 
 
 
 
 
Solutions
Agencies
Consultants
IT companies
Architects
Pricing
Features
Timer
Feed
Dashboard
Profitability
Live Demo
Resources
Roadmap Q2 2023
Blog
Video Tutorials
Support
Partner Program
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Português
Dansk
 
English
German
Spanish
French
Portuguese (Brazil)
Danish
 
Login
timeghost - Time tracking 
Time tracking for Microsoft 365 
 Use the benefits of Microsoft 365 and Teams to automate your time tracking 
Login with Microsoft 365
 
 
No extra registration - Use your Microsoft 365 login
 
Free 14-day trial period
 
Reduce time tracking hassle by 75%
 
Designed for Microsoft 365
 
+ 1.000.000 tracked times in timeghost
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Track your times 
Hassle-free overview of your work day 
 
Track your projects 
Monitor budgets, hours and activities in real time. 
 
Track your teams 
Real-time team updates keep you in the know 
Time tracking benefits with timeghost 
How can tracking your times with timeghost lead to your business success? 
Your company will immediately see an increase in: 
 
Operational efficiency
 
Transparency in billing and work processes
 
Team productivity
 
Resource demand data
 
Budget allocation information
 
Start your 14-days trial phase or book a Live Demo... 
Start Trial now
Book your live demo
 
timeghost and Microsoft 365 
It's about time! 
Forget the hassle of setting timers, taking notes and filling in Excel spreadsheet – let timeghost make automatic time entries for your Microsoft 365 work activities. You choose how detailed the entries are; from working in Documents, writing emails, or time spent in Microsoft teams meetings. 
 
Overview of the working hours of each team member
 
Intuitively tracking your times 
 
Perfect integration to Microsoft 365
 
Customizable Reports
 
Timeghost dashboard puts you in the driver’s seat
Start Trial now
timeghost and Microsoft 
A perfect symbiosis 
It is with pride that we work hard to make timeghost, in partnership with Microsoft, one of the most relevant and practical apps offered to Microsoft and Office 365 users. 
 
 
Microsoft Graph API 
Integrate all your favorite Microsoft 365 apps directly to timeghost. 
 
Microsoft Teams App 
Use timeghost directly within Microsoft teams and synchronize your teams for easy hands-free time entries. 
 
Microsoft Power Automate Connector 
We developed a dedicated Microsoft Power Automate Connector for timeghost in order to allow our users to individualize and automate their workflows. 
 
Microsoft Transactions (Fulfillment API) 
Exclusive and direct payment method for Microsoft 365 users. 
What our users have to say about timeghost... 
 
Anja Felden, SEO Expert at MV Onliners Read More 
What excites me about timeghost is the ease of use, the team in the background, especially the support and it's just fun to measure times with the tool! 
Oliver Vorwick, CEO at Neam Read More 
timeghost saves my time by integrating several automated processes, which makes it very easy to use. Especially that Teams calls can be automatically transferred to timeghost is a great feature for us. 
 Previous
 Next
 
+
0
times tracked with timeghost 
You can find more information about how to use timeghost and Teams in the videos below 
 
 
 Play Video
 
 Play Video
List of Features in timeghost 
Bring time tracking to the next level 
Time Tracking 
 
Calendar View in the Timer
 
AI-assistant for comfortable time tracking
 
Stop watch mode for automatic time tracking
 
Web, Desktop and Microsoft Teams app
Team Management 
 
Single Sign-On (SSO) with Microsoft 365
 
Overview of team activity
 
User groups (synchronized with Microsoft Teams)
 
Permissions and Roles 
 
Hourly rates and labor costs
Project Management 
 
Unlimited projects and clients
 
Tasks for each project
 
Project time budgets
 
Alerts for project time budgets
Reporting 
 
Detailed reports
 
CSV exports
 
XLS export
 
Billable rates
 
Time rounding for reports
 
Time entry audits
Integrations 
 
REST API
 
Zapier Connector
 
Microsoft Power Automate Connector
Microsoft 365 Apps 
 
Microsoft Teams
 
Microsoft Planner
 
Outlook Mails
 
Outlook Calendar
 
Outlook Tasks
 
Azure DevOps
 
OneDrive 
 
SharePoint Files
 
PowerPoint
 
Excel
 
Word
 
OneNote
Are you ready to make the most of your time with timeghost? 
Sign up with your Microsoft 365 account! 
 
Start trial
You can just start with a free, 14-day trial of timeghost — there is no credit card required. 
Not ready yet? Book a Live Demo!  
Teams of 5 can take a custom tour to see how timeghost fits into their company’s workflow. Demos usually last 30 to 45 minutes. 
Book your live demo
 
 
 
 
 
 
Terms and Conditions
Imprint
Privacy Policy
API Documentation
XWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Read MoreReject AllAcceptCookie SettingsManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
Necessary 
 Necessary 
Always Enabled 
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional 
functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance 
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics 
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement 
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others 
others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept