Running Shoes engineered in Germany | True Motion WOMENRunning shoesView allU-TECH AionU-TECH NevosU-TECH SoloU-TECH Nevos ElementsRunning socksFALKE U-TECH NevosNEVER RUN OUT OFNEWSDiscover all True Motion stories – and be the first to hear about new products, promotions and events.SubscribeI agree to the privacy policy of True Motion.Free shipping for orders above 50.00 € within the EU.MENRunning shoesView allU-TECH AionU-TECH NevosU-TECH SoloU-TECH Nevos ElementsRunning socksFALKE U-TECH NevosNEVER RUN OUT OFNEWSDiscover all True Motion stories – and be the first to hear about new products, promotions and events.SubscribeI agree to the privacy policy of True Motion.Free shipping for orders above 50.00 € within the EU.PASSIONSCIENCEU-RUNDISCOVER INSPIRING U-TECH™ STORIES:HOW MEDICAL PERSONNEL DEAL WITH STRESSNurses, doctors, therapists: Get to know seven people working in the field of medicine - and learn how they deal with the daily challenges of clinical routine, how sport becomes a kind of therapy, and how the U-TECH White Nevos can provide relief during work. Discover our UNIQUE U-TECH™ stories. UNIQUE U-TECH™ storiesOr jump right into the first stories:CHAPTER 1 — CHAPTER 2 — CHAPTER 3 — CHAPTER 4 — CHAPTER 5 — CHAPTER 6 — CHAPTER 7Free shipping for orders above 50.00 € within the EU.RUN BETTER PROJECT50% of all runners still get injured at least once a year. That’s exactly what we want to change. So, we’ve done research, analyzed, questioned, and tested, and we went to the lab to study the running motion. The result is a journey through time of running shoe developments and technologies that allows us to connect the dots and thus shape the future of running. Experience our Run Better Project. First-hand.Join us on our journey – and experience our Run Better Project. First-hand.Run Better ProjectFree shipping for orders above 50.00 € within the EU.SHOPFINDER0items in cart, view bagOpen menu0items in cart, view bagThe award-winningrunning shoe sensationfrom Germany!WomenMenThe award-winningrunning shoe sensationfrom Germany!WomenMenSPECIAL EDITIONThe U-TECH White Nevos is our very own answer to the demands of everyday life. Our first unisex model combines the innovative features of our patented “horseshoe“ with a new and elegant colorway – perfectly complementing any outfit on your next city run or a loyal companion for medical personnel, for example. Our U-TECH™ technology centers forces not only for runners but also for all who spend many hours on their feet and are constantly in motion. An elegant companion for any situation.Buy nowGet inspiredSPECIAL EDITIONThe U-TECH White Nevos is our very own answer to the demands of your everyday life. Our first unisex model combines the innovative features of our patented “horseshoe“ with a new and elegant colorway – perfectly complementing any outfit on your next city run and a loyal companion for medical personnel. Our U-TECH™ technology centers forces not only for runners but also for all who spend many hours on their feet and are constantly in motion. That way, nurses and doctors can focus fully on their job while enjoying heavenly comfort on the go. An elegant companion for any situation.Buy nowGet inspiredOUR WUNDERKINDOur wunderkind in a new dimension! Even though the U-TECH Aion was only our second model in 2020, it also won the prestigious ISPO award for best running shoe straight away. We are now all the more thrilled to present you the 2022 update: the U-TECH Aion next gen. It truly breaks new ground! The heavenly harmonious running sensation, the generous fit and its extraordinary biomechanical function have been finetuned to create our most innovative True Motion running shoe to date. Both in our biomechanics lab and with our test runners it has caused pure enthusiasm – we hope you’ll love it, too!WomenMenOUR WUNDERKINDOur wunderkind in a new dimension! Even though the U-TECH Aion was only our second model in 2020, it also won the prestigious ISPO award for best running shoe straight away. We are now all the more thrilled to present you the 2022 update: the U-TECH Aion next gen. It truly breaks new ground! The heavenly harmonious running sensation, the generous fit and its extraordinary biomechanical function have been finetuned to create our most innovative True Motion running shoe to date. Both in our biomechanics lab and with our test runners it has caused pure enthusiasm – we hope you’ll love it, too!WomenMenOUR GOLDKINDThe U-TECH Nevos already has thousands of true fans. They enthusiastically report that they are finally able to run pain-free again, without orthotics or support shoes, others are fascinated by the entirely new running sensation. In the latest U-TECH Nevos next gen you’ll run even more smoothly and harmoniously than in its predecessor. With more U-TECH™ foam, especially in the forefoot, it is even better cushioned. A new outsole provides increased durability and a secure grip. Double-layer jacquard mesh affords breathability and a heavenly fit. And then there’s our famous trampoline effect of course; it makes you run even more dynamically and easily.WomenMenOUR GOLDKINDThe U-TECH Nevos already has thousands of true fans. They enthusiastically report that they are finally able to run pain-free again, without orthotics or support shoes, others are fascinated by the entirely new running sensation. In the latest U-TECH Nevos next gen you’ll run even more smoothly and harmoniously than in its predecessor. With more U-TECH™ foam, especially in the forefoot, it is even better cushioned. A new outsole provides increased durability and a secure grip. Double-layer jacquard mesh affords breathability and a heavenly fit. And then there’s our famous trampoline effect of course; it makes you run even more dynamically and easily.WomenMenFIRST SOCK AND RUNNING SHOE SYSTEM:FALKE NEVOS RUNNING SOCKDiscover the world’s first perfectly matched system of sock and running shoe, discover the FALKE Nevos running sock. More comfort, less stress.WomenMenFALKE X TRUE MOTIONRUNNING SOCKDiscover the world’s first perfectly matched system of sock and running shoe, discover the FALKE Nevos running sock. More comfort, less stress.WomenMenOUR LITTLE RASCALThe U-TECH Nevos Elements braves all weather conditions and the elements. A water- and mud-repellent upper with 5D-printed, rubbery overlays, 360° reflectivity, and a slip-resistant outsole provide the necessary protection and security off- and on-road. Needless to say, the revolutionary running experience provided by our successful model U-TECH Nevos is included as well!WomenMenOUR LITTLE RASCALThe U-TECH Nevos Elements braves all weather conditions and the elements. A water- and mud-repellent upper with 5D-printed, rubbery overlays, 360° reflectivity, and a slip-resistant outsole provide the necessary protection and security off- and on-road. Needless to say, the revolutionary running experience provided by our successful model U-TECH Nevos is included as well!WomenMenOUR WHIRLWINDThe U-TECH Solo is a true rocket. It is perfect for all runners who want to step on the gas. Like on a trampoline, pure innovation catapults you forward and enables a dynamic and explosive running experience.WomenMenOUR WHIRLWINDThe U-TECH Solo is a true rocket. It is perfect for all runners who want to step on the gas. Like on a trampoline, pure innovation catapults you forward and enables a dynamic and explosive running experience.WomenMenRUN WELL, BE WELL IN ALL SITUATIONSTHANKS TO RESEARCHLearn more about the scienceWhy it's passionOur running shoes are for all who simply want to run. Because we don’t focus on marketing campaigns but on you as a runner. For us, it is crucial that you feel the unique U-TECH™ technology on your feet. That’s why we put our energy into the research and development of our running shoes. Our ultimate goal will always be pain-free running for all runners – and to enable them to enjoy running even more thanks to our unique running shoes. For these, we have developed our innovative technology and we have been able to scientifically prove that the centering of forces through our U-TECH™ technology addresses the cause of running problems (especially at the knee and the Achilles tendon).Together with our True Motion Biomechanics and Sports Science Laboratory, we are going to intensify this research in 2023. Through further studies, we want to gain an even better understanding of how running-related injuries occur – and how we can prevent them as far as possible in the future.One thing is clear, the distinction between neutral runners and overpronators – although still widespread – is an outdated misconception and has been proven to not be the cause of running-induced problems. This is exactly where we already provide our innovative answer with U-TECH™, based on the latest scientific findings. All runner groups benefit equally from the unique effect of our patented “horseshoe”. In any situation.That’s why we developed something unique for the current spring/summer 2023 season: the Special Edition U-TECH White Nevos. The almost entirely white U-TECH Nevos combines the features of U-TECH™ technology with the demands of our everyday life. Thus, our first unisex model can not only be perfectly combined with any style, but it also provides comfort and safety and protects the joints whenever we are exposed to high loads. In short, universal U-TECH™. For a heavenly running experience on your next city run and also perfectly suited for the needs of medical staff – so nurses and doctors can focus fully on their job. But that’s not all. Our U-TECH Aion gets two color updates, and our collaboration with Falke continues as well. As you can see, there’s lots going on!RUN WELL, BE WELL IN ALL SITUATIONSTHANKS TO RESEARCHOur running shoes are for all who simply want to run. Because we don’t focus on marketing campaigns but on you as a runner. For us, it is crucial that you feel the unique U-TECH™ technology on your feet. That’s why we put our energy into the research and development of our running shoes. Our ultimate goal will always be pain-free running for all runners – and to enable them to enjoy running even more thanks to our unique running shoes. For these, we have developed our innovative technology and we have been able to scientifically prove that the centering of forces through our U-TECH™ technology addresses the cause of running problems (especially at the knee and the Achilles tendon). Together with our True Motion Biomechanics and Sports Science Laboratory, we are going to intensify this research in 2023. Through further studies, we want to gain an even better understanding of how running-related injuries occur – and how we can prevent them as far as possible in the future.More about the scienceWhy it's passionNEVER RUN OUT OFNEWSDiscover all True Motion stories – and be the first to hear about new products, promotions and events. Simply, center your run!SubscribeI agree to the privacy policy of True Motion.NEVER RUN OUT OFNEWSDiscover all True Motion stories – and be the first to hear about new products, promotions and events. Simply, center your run!SubscribeI agree to the privacy policy of True Motion.RECOMMENDED BYRECOMMENDED BYNEVER RUN OUT OF NEWSDiscover all True Motion stories – and be the first to hear about new products, promotions and events. Simply, center your run!name@email.comSubscribeI agree to the privacy policy of True Motion.SERVICEContactFAQPayment methodsShipping methodsSize finderShoe finderShopfinderABOUT USWhy True MotionTechnologySustainabilityCareersPressFOLLOW USTerms and conditionsPrivacyLegal notice© 2022 True Motion Running GmbHTerms and conditionsPrivacyLegal notice© 2022 True Motion Running GmbH