        Home | 
        TUTORize
      
Our Software-Suite
Learning Management
Knowledge Management
Talent Management
About TUTORize
Über uns
Our Partners
Jobs
Helpdesk
Learning
Knowledge
Talents
TUTORize your Training
The best LMS to train employees, partners and customers in a cost-effective and straightforward way. 
​
Try for free 
TUTORize your Knowledge
The best platform to document knowledge sustainably and make it available to customers and employees at any time. 
​
Try for free
TUTORize your Talents
Enhances the LMS module to identify, nurture and ideally deploy talent.
​
Try for free
A selection of companies that are already successfully using our solutions
TUTORize is extremely easy to use and scale, despite its powerful feature set. It took us only 10 min. to understand the logic for creating and publishing simple training content.
Daniel Vollmer • CEO Flowtify GmbH
We were able to implement our idea of training/education through personal video messages to perfection thanks to the outstanding possibilities offered by Tutorize. Whether learning paths, learning checks, certificates, assessments or even the individual options of the course and group functions. Best Practice. Thanks to the perfect collaboration with the Tutorize team, Apoversum is now stronger than ever.
Karsten Bleckmann • CEO Apoversum
​acep e-training has been using Tutorize for almost 10 years and is convinced by the modular platform system! The cooperation with a strong team is characterized by openness and innovative thinking.  The development of additional features such as our online academy are possible through the API and are actively supported. Queries and support issues in day-to-day operations are handled professionally and dealt with quickly. We look forward to further, joint growth!
​Nikolaus Kühner • CEO acep e-training
Vorherig
Nächste
10+
Years of experience
350+
Customers
500.000+
User
Data security is very important to us 
DSGVO compliant
Data storage completely in Germany
Data centerISO 27001 certified
Data backup in separate data center 
Encrypted communication between components
​Regular penetration tests
Automate learning, digitize knowledge, identify and nurture talent.
We make it easy to manage and improve the most important core processes in personnel promotion. Each module can be used individually or in combination and convinces with sophisticated functions and smart elements.The modules are scalable for any size of company, whether for 50 or 50,000 employees. In addition, they are individually adaptable, so that they can be perfectly integrated into any organization. Applicable in any industry, in any company structure.Implemented in a flash: In a short time, you can start qualifying your employees and building your knowledge database.Easy to use: After a short training period, seminars can be planned, exams created or databases filled with knowledge articles.Securely stored: Your data is stored on German servers, even in-house if you wish. Encrypted and hardened, according to the current state of the art.
Knowledge Management
Knowledge management is the module with which knowledge available in the company is documented and easily retrieved. Processes in the organization thus proceed much faster.
Learn more
Lernmanagement
Learning management maps the educational process in the company. E-learning and blended learning increase the knowledge and thus the value of the employees. Also included is seminar administration.
Learn more
Talent Management
Talent management ensures that companies keep an eye on their personnel requirements. Gaps in the workforce as well as employees' talents, potential and skills are identified at an early stage.
Learn more
Vorherig
Weiter
Our latest blog posts about e-learning and HR
            Your Dynamic Snippet will be displayed here...
            This message is displayed because you did not provided both a filter and a template to use.
Modular
SaaS & On-Premise
Multitenant
Secure Data
Scalable
Web-based and responsive
Test now for 30 days free of charge!
Put our sophisticated modular solutions for learning management, talent management and knowledge management through their paces for 30 days. Of course, if you wish, we will be happy to introduce you to the functionality of our modules with a webinar.
Contact us
Useful links
Home
About TUTORize
Learning Management
Knowledge Management
Talent Management
Contact
Imprint
Privacy
About us
Learning Management - Talent Management - Knowledge Management: Since 2011, we have been equipping companies with innovative solutions that have proven to increase efficiency.
Contact us
Contact
info@tutorize.com
+49 (0)261 20 17 80 36
Folgen Sie uns
                
Copyright © TUTORize GmbH
English (US)
English (US)
 Deutsch
        Powered by 
            
        - 
                    The #1 Open Source eCommerce
We use cookies to provide you a better user experience.
Cookie Policy
I agree