videantis - processors for deep learning, computer vision and video coding
 
Processor IP
For Developers
News
Company
 
Subscribe
Get in touch
AI and visual computing for embedded applications
The videantis solutions enable high-performance and low-power deep learning and visual computing applications.
For smarter embedded systems
videantis helps customers to integrate deep learning, computer vision, image processing, and video coding into embedded systems.
Processor IP
videantis has developed the most power-efficient and highest-performing processor architecture in the market. The v-MP6000UDX runs deep learning, computer vision, image processing, and video compression, all on the same architecture.
Processor IP
For Developers
videantis offers a wide variety of software, tools, partners,
and services to help customers complete their system developments faster and make sure performance targets are met.
For Developers
Markets
Over the past few years, deep learning has gone from a niche technology being worked on in research labs to a must-have new technology for next-generation smart systems. videantis offers a range of visual computing solutions for these high-growth markets.
Automotive solutions
videantis plays a key role in automotive, with millions of videantis-enabled cars already on the road. Its solutions increase safety and enhance the driving experience.
Augmented & virtual reality
Combining computer vision and deep learning to accurately track the position of the head mounted display, hands, recognize objects, and much more.
Drone & digital camera
Increasing picture quality using object recognition, segmentation, and computational photography. Drones use deep learning to become autonomous.
Emerging applications
Many new applications are adopting cameras and deep learning: wearables, consumer robotics, smart toys, and of course IoT devices.
Gaming solutions
Gaming is becoming fully immersive, higher-quality, and is including new sensors that use computer vision to further enhance the experience.
Mobile and tablet
Phones and tablets have several cameras and high-resolution displays. This requires a high-performance AI system that can efficiently process the images.
Professional applications
Data centers are adding accelerator hardware to efficiently process video and analyze images. Robots in industry 4.0 applications use AI everywhere.
Set-top box & TV
videantis coding and vision computing solutions deliver high resolution with high dynamic range (10-bit) using the latest standards.
Surveillance solutions
videantis combines video content analysis with video coding on a single architecture, an ideal basis for building security solutions that include embedded vision.
Running all visual computing tasks on the smallest footprint with broadest versatility
Beating hardwired solutions in both power and performance,
while remaining fully software programmable.
Deep  learning
The v-MP6000UDX processor runs the most demanding neural networks in real-time, at very low power, and in a extremely small silicon footprint.
Unified architecture
Whether it’s deep learning, computer vision, imaging, or video coding, all software is developed using the same single programming toolsuite.
Automotive solutions
videantis' driver assistance and autonomous mobility solutions adhere to automotive standards and practices. Millions of vehicles already use videantis' technology. 
We learned many new insider tips and tricks which enabled us to achieve a much higher level of optimization of several of our core algorithms.
Carmeq,   a Volkswagen subsidiary
We’re excited to bring our extensive portfolio of vision functions to the videantis processor architecture and jointly work together to fulfill our customer’s needs.
  Ficosa SA
videantis is providing an architecture that can run all the visual computing tasks that a typical embedded vision system needs, while meeting stringent power, performance, and cost requirements
Mike Demler,  The Linley Group
By enabling the deployment of deep learning as well as conventional computer vision algorithms, processors like the v-MP6000UDX are making the promise of more intelligent devices a reality.
Jeff Bier,  Edge AI and Vision Alliance
Latest news
December newsletter: AI, the Universe and Everything
Newsletter
KI-FLEX AI chip tapes out with flexible videantis processor platform
Press Releases
videantis and ADTechnology to build 5nm ADAS/AD SoCs
Press Releases
Funding round fuels videantis' growth
Press Releases
TEMPO AI chip tapes out with videantis processor platform
Press Releases
videantis focuses on growth by hiring Chief Financial Officer
Press Releases
                    All news
                    
Get in touch
Leave your contact details
Your name
Your email
Your message
Send
                        
Your message was sent successfully
What’s next?
We typically respond within 24 hours over email to follow up.
Our support staff has a wealth of experience and will be in touch.
We’re always happy to hop on a call to explore how we can help you bring value to your company.
                            videantis is a one-stop deep learning, computer vision, image processing, and video coding and solutions provider. Based on a unified processor platform approach that is licensed to chip manufacturers, videantis provides tailored solutions to meet the specific needs of its customers. With core competencies of deep learning, camera, and video application, and strong SoC design and system architecture expertise, videantis serves a worldwide customer basis.                        
                                                Processor IP                                            
                                                Unified architecture                                            
                                                Deep learning                                            
                                                Computer vision                                            
                                                Video coding                                            
                                                Development tools                                            
                                                Contact us                                            
                                                For Developers                                            
                                                System design                                            
                                                Development tools                                            
                                                Automotive systems                                            
                                                Software libraries                                            
                                                Support solutions                                            
                                                Demo videos                                            
                                                Support                                            
                                                Contact us                                            
                                                News                                            
                                                All                                            
                                                Press releases                                            
                                                Newsletters                                            
                                                Articles                                            
                                                Company                                            
                                                Management                                            
                                                Company milestones                                            
                                                Recognitions                                            
                                                Careers                                            
                                                Contact us                                            
Subscribe
© 2022 videantis GmbH
                                        Imprint                                    
                                        Cookies                                    
                                        Data Policy                                    
Would like to learn more?
×
Your email
Your request
Send
                            
Your message was sent successfully
Sign up for our newsletter
×
Your email
Subscribe
                            
You have subscribed successfully
A notice about cookiesWe use cookies and similar technologies to store information on your device. This is to help personalize content, analyze traffic, and provide a more convenient browsing experience.
Please choose between accepting either only necessary cookies (for basic functionality) or both necessary and non-necessary cookies. You can change your consent at any time.
For more information please read our Privacy Policy
Cookie settingsSave preferencesAccept allPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
                        Necessary 
                    
 Necessary 
                        Always Enabled                    
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
                        Non-necessary 
                    
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.