wealthpilot | Digitalization for Wealth Management
  
     
                               
     
New product launch in the U.S.
Know more
Product
Increase AUM with Existing Clients
Increase AUM with New Clients
Increase Advisors Productivity
Data Security
Success Stories
Community
Blog
Ebooks, Guides & More
Onboarding & Services
Customer Support
Careers
Login
Start Free Trial
EN
Start your free Trial!
as an unique experience.
At the touch of a button.
The market-leading SaaS solution for advisors, asset managers and banks that allows to manage and plan all liquid and illiquid assets at the touch of a button.
Get started here
Get a Demo
Your customers will love it
... and in return you'll increase your
Assets under Management
Up to 50% increase
in AuM
Up to 70% increase in your
productivity as an advisor
New Customer Aquisition and 
increased Customer Loyality
                            Video not supported
                        
                            164
                            
bn. €
Assets on Platform
                            104000
                            
investors
in the DACH-Region
Our features speak for themselves
All Assets at a glance
Offer your clients intuitive and up to date insights on their total assets
                        Try now for free
                    
">
                        
                        Video not supported
                    
iOS App in your Look & Feel
Offer your clients a smart and stylish App, in their own company design
All Assets at a glance
Even on mobile, your clients have a daily updated view of all assets
Simple control
Effortless overview of the whole financial situation, but also individual assets such as activation can be considered
Data Security
At wealthpilot, your data security is our top priority!All your customers' assets are stored in an high-security data center, at DATEV. The servers are secured through state-of-the-art technology and data is stored in encrypted form, making it illegible to all parties. The data is also transmitted in encrypted form between the server and your browser. The sovereignty over the data always lies with your client.
Learn More 
Who we help
Financial Advisors, Asset Managers, Accountants, Family Offices
wealthpilot enables #bionic advisory for professional advisors - the future of wealth management. Digital. And personal.
Associations
For associations such as brokerage pools and custodian banks, wealthpilot provides an holistic asset-wide customer experience that is easy to use for end users and advisors.
Banks and Insurance companies
In the "Affluent" segment, wealthpilot digitalizes the essential part of the value chain without complex integration into the legacy systems.
Did we catch your interest?Call us on +49 89-80911920or
Start Free Trial
Dachauer Straße 15b80335 MunichGermanyPhone: +49 89-80911920Email: info@wealthpilot.deSales: +49 89-80911921
Product
About Us
Data Security
Careers
Media Center
Contact
Success Stories
Newsletter
FAQs
Imprint
Privacy
© 2023 wealthpilot GmbH