Whow
 
 
 
Company
Jobs
Team
Partners
Become an Affiliate
Contact
                en
            
                            English
            
            
Deutsch
English
Our company
Welcome to Hamburg
More
Previous
Next
 
Our company
            WHOW Games is a leading developer and publisher of online free-to-play social games. The company, based in Hamburg, Germany, has been bringing highly engaging social games to the web browser and app stores since 2015. Its innovative social gaming platform is a fast growing gaming destination in Europe and serves millions of users with long-lasting fun.We are passionate gamers, experienced game developers and professional marketeers. Based in Hamburg, Germany, Whow Games has been born out of a vision that focuses on combining year-long experience in creating, developing, publishing, and selling entertaining products across numerous platforms to people who love games and playing them as much as we do. Come join in the fun!        
Play any and everywhere
From web to mobile - endless gaming fun across all platforms.
Play for free
All our games are free to play.
 
Job Opportunities
Take control of your luck!
We are Whow Games - and YOU can be a part of it!
                We are over 80 people from six nations. We’re passionate gamers, experienced game developers, and marketing pros who all stand for the planning, development, publishing, and sale of entertaining products. We love what we do - and that makes us successful!            
YOU!
                As a new part of the team right in our Hamburg-based headquarters, you can work on and grow with our fantastic products and player experiences. Become part of an outstanding team, work with the latest in hardware, gain a number of cooperative advantages, and join us in continuing to advance Whow to bigger and better things in the future.            
You’ll enjoy working with us - that’s a promise!
You’ll profit from a professional circle of colleagues with multi-year experience in the industry
Dynamic environment with flat hierarchies and quick decisions featuring space for your own ideas
Flexible work times and the opportunity to work remotely
Yearly employer-employee meetings featuring salary review and an annual further education budget
Regular company events and - in as much as Corona allows it - company trips (Las Vegas, Ibiza, Bulgaria, etc.)
Fruit, drinks, and meal surcharges
A subsidy for the HVV Profi Ticket, the ticket for the quickest in public transportation
Our Team
Our attitude: Only a team that has fun can also produce fun.
Our Team
We enjoy success, opportunities and new contacts.
The right contact person for every department:
Philip Reisberger
Chief Executive Officer
Tobias Reisberger
Chief Operating Officer
Kay-Uwe Strenziok
Chief Financial Officer
I provide our team and investors an overview of our finances and assist with investments.
Christian Pedak
Legal Counsel
Maria Lugge
Head of HR
We are looking for creative talent with a strong sense of achievement who, want to drive the success of the company. I am looking forward to your application!
Michael Kühne
Director Business Development & Partnerships
With a great deal of gaming fun, I also make our international business partners in and around Europe the lucky winners.
Tobias Edl
Head of New Business Relations
I make sure that people all over the world get to know our games.
Heike Hohenstein
Lead Performance Marketing
I make sure that people who are looking for casino gaming fun worldwide, find us and our products.
Kevin Kunkel
Artist Marketing
I support the acquisition of new users and partners in marketing. My core competence lies in maximizing the conversion rate through professional ad and landing page design.
Dirk Lugge
Lead VIPs & Customer Care
We are constantly developing our product for our players, and I make sure that they are heard and remain happy.
Mischa Brammer
Developer
Together with my team I implement the core functions of jackpot.de
Ole Staben
Lead Mobile Development
My team and I make sure that our players using smartphones and tablets are well entertained.
Malte Sommer
Mobile Developer
I make sure that our fantastic product is playable as an app on your smart phone, anytime and anywhere.
Chapin Landvogt
Localization Manager
Julian Woywad
Developer
Lennart Faller
Working Student Marketing
Sven Ambros
Director of Technology
Marco Matz
Director Operations Management
Matthias Kampen-Terlinden
Quality Director
My focus is the quality of our products. Together with my team, we are constantly working on developing our quality standards further.
Michael Bohne
Creative Director
Olga Ott
Accountant
Natalie Hooge
Artist
Tayfun Tülek
Sr. Key Account Manager
 
For the youth
Donation to the Förderverein der Freiwilligen Feuerwehr Harburg e.V.
PC Donation 2019
Schule Grumbrechtstrasse, Hamburg
Children are the future!
Christmas special 2018/2019"Deutsches Kinderhilfswerk e.V."(German Children's Fund)
Donate where it makes sense!
Christmas special 2018/2019"Hamburger Krebsgesellschaft e.V."(Hamburg Cancer Society)
Charity Run 2019
Kinder helfen Kindern e.V.
Children are important to us:
2018 Christmas fundraiser"Deutsches Kinderhilfswerk e.V."(German Children's Fund)
We also give to those who don't have anything:
Fundraiser"Gloves for Hamburg's homeless"
Children are our future:
2017 Fundraiser"Deutsches Kinderhilfswerk e.V."(German Children's Fund)
The environment is important to us:
We work with "green" energy
Previous
Next
Our responsibility
We can do more than just have fun; we assume responsibility. This is the case for both social issues and the environment. This year, for example, we made a donation to the German Children's Fund and the Hamburger Bahnhofsmission.In addition, we are diligent in using 'green' energy to operate IT systems.
 
Our Partners
                Nothing is impossible if you have the right partners on your side. We are proud and thank our partners for their ourstanding cooperation            
Become a partner too
                    Through cooperation with well-known game manufacturers and strong media partners, we have established ourselves as the market leader in Germany. If you are interested in monetizing your users, then you should become a partner of Whow Games! (to Affiliate Program)                
 
Contact
                Have you got any questions about Whow Games? This is how you can feel free to contact us!            
×
@
                                I've read the privacy policy. I consent to the electronic collection and storage of my data for the purpose of answering my enquiry.                            
Send
Whow Games GmbH
                Bleichenbrücke 10
        20354 Hamburg
        Germany
+49 40 609 4372 80
                Send all questions you may have about the game to:                troppus
                Send all business questions you may have to:                ofni
Follow us
© 2023 Whow Games GmbH
To Jackpot.de
Imprint
Privacy
 