Xayn | Home Page
Solutions
Company
Request demo
SolutionsCompanyRequest a demo
AI Meets Privacy
We’re Xayn – a European AI company based in Berlin enabling privacy-protecting and energy-efficient AI personalisation.Our solutions
As featured in
Next-Generation AI
Grounded in research, we take AI to the next level – so that our users can benefit from state-of-the-art technology and individual personalisation.
Private & personalised search technology
The key to a great user experience is tailored personalisation. With our unique AI technology, we combine individual personalisation with complete privacy.
Built for privacy from the ground up
Privacy is not a nice add-on but a human right. This is why privacy is not an afterthought for us but the starting point for our technology.
Building AI Tech which serves individuals
Technology should serve the user. Which is why, we’re focusing on combining privacy-protecting solutions with individually tailored personalisation – for responsible AI technology.
Book a call now
Do you want to learn more about how we combine great AI technology with privacy and personalisation? Let’s find out which of our solutions is the best fit for you.
Let's chat
Meet our experts
Name
Email
Company Website
Leave us a message (optional)
Thank you for your message!
One of our experts will reach out to you.
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Our experts
Daniel von Heyl
Chief Partnership Officer
Leif-Nissen Lundbæk
CEO
Ruth Rothmaler
Chief Product & Design Officer
Company
About us
Career
Press
Documentation
Github
Get in touch
Request a demo
Our LinkedIn page
Privacy Policy
Imprint
By clicking “Allow all”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information.
PreferencesAllow essential onlyAllow all
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website.
Allow essential cookies onlyAllow all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences by Category
Essential
Always Active
These items are required to enable basic website functionality.
MarketingEssential
These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission.
Confirm my preferences and close