adindex - The CPC Network
Toggle navigation
								Home
							
								Team
							
								Contact
							
								Register
							
								Login
							
                    Earn money with adindex!                
                    adindex enables publishers and advertisers to easily implement banners and products from our cpc- & marketing-network into their websites and marketing portals. With over 7.000 advertisers in our easy-to-use performance-hub you will find just the right product to advertise on your website!                
Register now
About Us
Welcome to our marketing network!
Join our network today and start earning money while promoting products you believe in. Sign up now to get started!
Who we are
adindex is an experienced team of marketing-managers and software-developers who have been offering a wide range of marketing-services since the company was founded in 2011. Since 2022, we have been focusing on our high-performance marketing/CPC network with a large number of renowned advertisers from well-known online portals & shops.
Our Team!
Our services
With over 7000 advertisers, our marketing network offers a wide range of CPC campaigns for well-known online shops and portals, as well as an independent API connection for publishers and website operators. In our easy-to-use performance hub, you can browse through the extensive catalogue of our advertisers, as well as view and evaluate the performance of current campaigns and subsequently pay out the resulting commission.
About Us!
Your benefits
By simply embedding advertising and product images on advertising spaces on your website/web-portal using data from our marketing/CPC network, you (regardless of whether you are a professional publisher or a private website operator) can earn income through clicks and interactions conveniently and without much effort.
Sign Up!
                    Our Team                
                    Get to know the adindex team and find the right contact person for your request.                
Max Klinger
CEO
Jan Jankowski
Junior Key Account Manager
Vanessa Metzner
Junior Key Account Manager
Celina Latusek
Campaign Manager
Arne Jarek
Backend Developer
Kaan Özet
Frontend/Backend Developer
 
Lia
Head of Motivation
                    Become a part of adindex now!                
                    We would like to accompany you on your way to more customers and sales. Register without obligation or send us an inquiry.                
As a Publisher
free of charge and without obligation
exclusive campaigns
high commissions
personal support
simple interfaces & tools
Register now
                            Terms and Conditions
                        
                            Privacy Policy
                    
                            Impressum
                    
                            Contact
                        