Ibexa Personalization Software – giving your customers what they want
                Products
            
Introducing Ibexa Connect
Get to know Ibexa Connect, our fully integrated iPaaS to make integrations and automation fast and effortless.
View video
Products
Ibexa DXP Overview
                                A DXP Designed to help B2B Digital Transformation
                            
Ibexa Content
                                The headless content engine at the core of your digital platform
                            
Ibexa Experience
                                Engage your customers with memorable experiences
                            
Ibexa Commerce
                                Digitalize and automate the way you do business
                            
All product features
 
Product Roadmap
 
 
Ibexa DXP Add-ons
Ibexa Connect
                                Automate your business processes and connect business applications
                            
Ibexa CDP
                                Unify and leverage customer data and deliver an insightful and personalized omnichannel experience
                            
Ibexa Personalization
                                Personalize every part of your Customer Experience
                            
Ibexa Cloud
                                The fastest solution to build and run your Ibexa projects
                            
 
Subscriptions & Pricing
Pricing
Try interactive demos
 
Success stories
                Resources
            
Brochures
                Want to better understand how our DXP can meet your digital transformation challenges? Browse our product brochures to discover which best suits your needs.
            
 
eBooks & Analyst Reports
                Here you'll find a range of eBooks that delve into best practices for creating  rich digital experiences and succeeding with ecommerce.
            
 
Product videos
                Watch videos displaying the capabilities of Ibexa DXP, Ibexa Connect, Ibexa CDP  and other products within our product offering.
            
 
Interactive demos
                Explore our library of interactive product demos. Get clickthrough tutorial guidance on a user interface for discovering the huge potential of Ibexa DXP
            
 
                Partners
            
Find a Partner
                Find the right Ibexa Partner to create memorable customer experiences for you
            
 
Become a Partner
                Want to create rich online customer experiences for your clients? Sign up here
            
 
Partner Portal
                The partner portal offers information for Ibexa partners.
            
 
Partner of the Month
                Each month we highlight a partner from our network. Find out who's in the limelight now.
            
 
Blog
Deutsch 
Français 
Español 
Nederlands 
Contact us
Try demos
 
Personalization software that gives your customers what they want
Ibexa Personalization
Dispelling the myth of the average internet user and embracing the age of personalized experiences, our personalization solution empowers you to deliver truly unique customer experiences
Find out more and book a demo
 
The Personal Is ProfitableProviding clients with personalized customer experiences is now essential if your business is to adapt to digital markets successfully. With the dawning of the age of big data, there's a far greater emphasis on building an evidence-based understanding of your customers and providing them with exactly what they want and need.Our personalization software provides your business with all the tools required to produce and distribute customized content and product recommendations. It enables you to engage with your customers on a more individual level, using data-driven insights to maximize revenue.
Extensive Analysis and Effective SegmentationIbexa Personalization gives you the power to distinguish between groups of customers based on location. The scheduling functionality then gives you the ability to build custom content delivery schedules for each of these demographics.Our personalization solution also features advanced analytic capabilities that monitor the success of your personalized customer journeys and calculate the revenue generated by your efforts. Part of Ibexa Digital Experience Platform (DXP), our personalization software can be used as an add-on to our modular DXP products. This means your business can take a step-by-step approach to digital transformation that doesn't require a significant initial investment. 
The power of personalization will increasingly engage customers with the site and lead to more bookings with partnered opticians.
Adam Healey
International Digital Manager
Essilor
Understand Your Customers and Adapt Your Content AccordinglyCustomers demand seamless and personalized digital experiences. Personalization is no longer an appreciated added touch. It's the way to do business.   Ibexa Personalization, our personalization solution, provides your business with a means of collecting and analyzing customer data, allowing you to tailor your content and product recommendations based on real-time information.Enable user behavior tracking and monitor the websites visited, products purchased, and links clicked Personalize content based on user personasMake more efficient product and content recommendations during the purchase process and at checkout.
Plan and Automate Your Content Delivery SystemsMany businesses struggle to plan and coordinate long-term content delivery timetables. With our DXP's in-built scheduling feature, you can organize content delivery based on individual user journeys.Our pre-configured recommendation models can be customized to meet your needs, and extensive monitoring capabilities allow you to assess how successful your content delivery models have been. The platform also includes a value feature that details how much revenue personalization is generating. Plan the distribution of personalized content across multiple channelsChoose pre-configured recommendation models, track their performance, and adjust your marketing strategies based on the resultsMonitor how much additional revenue your personalized content generatesPersonalize content delivery at all scales.
Learn MoreIf you’d like to learn more about our personalization technology, you can find a detailed guide here. A beginner’s introduction to the principles that govern the discipline is available in our free The Basics of Personalization eBook.Take a look at our capabilities page: What is personalization and why does it matter? as it will give you a greater understanding into why modern B2B customers demand a personalized online experience and how you can respond.
Order Ibexa Personalization
Contact us about boosting revenue with personalized customer experiences.
Ibexa is trusted by
Fill in your contact details below.
Fields marked with * are required.
 
Products
Ibexa DXP
Pricing
Features
Software Information
Services
Training
Support & Maintenance
Support Portal
Sales
Schedule a Demo
Contact Sales
Events & Webinars
eBooks
Partners
Find an Ibexa Partner
Become an Ibexa Partner
Partner Portal
Partner of the Month
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
For developers
Developer Portal
Product Documentation
Product Roadmap
What is Ibexa DXP?
 
        Subscribe to our newsletter
    
Subscribe to our newsletter
×
Follow us
 
 
            English
        
Deutsch
Français
Español
Nederlands
            Copyright © 2023 Ibexa | Powered by Ibexa DXP
Security
Cookie declaration
Privacy policy
Hello
You are accessing the English-language website for Ibexa. Would you
                        like to continue here?
                    
                            Yes, Continue
                        