Home - YUMAB GmbH
XingLinkedinMailHome
YU10
Anniversary Event
Milestones
YUMAB in numbers
Behind the Scenes
Guestbook
Newsletter
Company
Team
Network & Partners
Career
Contract Research
Discovery & Development of Antibodies from Target to Lead
Hit Discovery
Lead Engineering
Lead Development
Antibody Engineering
Antibody Humanization
Libraries
Partnering & Pipeline
Partnering, Collaboration & Pipeline
Project design & Licensing
Platform & Technologies
Library technologies
Antibody Discovery
Bioinformatics / YUcare
Antibody Engineering
Antibody Humanization
News & Events
News
Events
Contact
Contact
Directions
Search
Menu
 
 Fully Human Antibodies, Acceleration of Discovery & DevelopmentMissionIndividual Project Design, Fee for Service or Milestone-basedContract Research, R&D ServicesPartnered R&D, Collaborations, LicensingPipeline & Partnering
 
Follow a manual added link
 Breaking  News
Ymmunobio signs collaboration agreement with YUMAB
Swiss biotech company Ymmunobio AG will optimize its cancer-directed antibody development programme using YUMABs antibody discovery platform .
Read press release
Bridging the gap from target to lead
The success of next generation antibody drug development relies on comprehensive discovery technologies and strategies.
YUMAB bridges the gap between research innovation and novel therapies. Our advanced discovery platform provides access to challenging targets, enables new formats, and accelerates the development of human antibodies at a high success rate.
From target discovery to fully characterized lead – our experienced team leads biotech and pharma teams worldwide through the development process as your trusted, de-risking partner.
Read more 
and watch our coporate image video:
 
News & Events
YUMAB celebrates 10th anniversary
January 10, 2023
What began as an academic start-up with the mission to facilitate biomedical translation is now a globally operating biotech company and a trusted service partner for therapeutic antibody development.
Read more
CRO / R&D Services
YUMAB offers contract research, technologies and R&D services for the discovery and development of fully human, therapeutic antibodies.
Read more 
YUMAB® Platform, Partnering
YUMAB also provides partnering and collaboration strategies to provide access to our technologies and expertise for academic spin-offs and start-up companies without the burden of technology access fees.
Read more 
Bioinformatic Optimizations3. September 2018/by adminThe Power of in vitro Selection4. September 2018/by adminFully Human Therapeutic Antibodies4. September 2018/by adminAntibody Engineering4. September 2018/by adminNature-derived Antibody Libraries4. September 2018/by adminYUMAB® – Versatile Platform Concept4. September 2018/by admin
Contact
SEND US AN E-MAIL
Name * E-Mail * Subject *  Message *  I have read the privacy information and consent to the processing, forwarding the data to the location and storage of my personal data in the context of transaction processing to. I have read the privacy information and consent to the processing, forwarding the data to the location and storage of my personal data in the context of transaction processing to * 2 + 0 = ? Please prove that you are human by solving the equation * YUMAB GMBH
Science Campus Braunschweig-Süd
Inhoffenstr. 7
38124 Braunschweig – Germany
Phone: (+49) 531-481170-0
Email: info@yumab.com
YUMAB Inc.
1100 South Tower
225 Peachtree Street NE
Atlanta, GA 30303 – USA
Phone: (+49) 531 481170-0
Email: info@yumab.com
  
 
  
 
YUMAB GmbH Science Campus Braunschweig-Süd
Inhoffenstr. 7
38124 Braunschweig – Germany
 Phone: +49 531 481170-0
 Fax: +49-531 481170-17
Newsletter Want to know what we’re up to? Sign up for the newsletter here.
Newsletter Registration
More Information Legal notice
Disclaimer, Data Privacy Statement
Terms and conditions
Sitemap
 
Scroll to top