zaaktechnologies.com – UPCYCLING THROUGH INNOVATION
 
Technology
Products
Lypors®
LyplastTM
LytarTM
LycreteTM
Input Streams
Sustainability
Services
About us
Menü
Menü
 
 
News 
 Prayagraj Power Generation Company signs MoU with ZaaK Technologies GmbH           
 Prayagraj Power Generation Company inks MoU with ZaaK Technologies for Upcycling Ash to Sustainable Sand Material       
       
 Prayagraj Power Generation Company inks MoU with ZaaK Technologies      
 PPGCL signs MoU with ZaaK Technologies 
UPCYCLING MINERAL BY-PRODUCTS
& WASTES THROUGH INNOVATION 
WE HAVE ‘REACHED THE LIMITS’ OF THE PLANET’S NATURAL RESOURCES 
 Unsustainable use of natural resources is having a severe impact on our environment. With the megatrend of urbanization and the increasing number of people living in cities, it is expected that natural resources such as sand and aggregates will continue to be depleted without replenishment. 
  
ZaaK has been researching and developing innovative technologies to upcycle mineral wastes and by-products into value-added products for sustainable management of our natural resources. Our commitment is to give new life to these unused by-products or waste materials. 
With its proprietary technologies, ZaaK offers a single-step solution to the environmental impacts of mineral wastes and by-products. ZaaK’s upcycling technologies transform unused wastes and by-products into sustainable lightweight sand, called Lypors®. This is an ideal secondary raw material that acts as a substitute for natural sand and can be used in the construction sector and other industries. 
 
Lypors® Technology 
Upcycling instead of only recycling or disposal. 
A progressive solution to the age-old problem of wastes and by-products. 
The challenges faced by producers of mineral wastes and by-products require viable and forward-looking solutions. To safeguard our socio-economic future, technologies that promote the achievement of sustainable development goals and veer towards circular economy are greatly needed. 
By upcycling these wastes and by-products into high performance building materials ZaaK is providing a progressive solution to drastically reduce disposal problems, and pushing the waste-producing industries like thermal power, alumina and waste-to-energy plants towards a zero-waste scenario and greener cities. 
ZaaK’s processes ensure these wastes and by-products can be effectively utilized instead of being disposed or deposited. At the same time, it offers an ecological secondary raw material to the construction industry. 
 
Products 
High-tech for the construction sector. 
ZaaK has developed multifunctional sustainable sand and their downstream building products. 
LYPORS®
LYPLAST®
LYTAR®
LYCRETE®
 
 
LYPORS® 
What is Lypors®: 
Lypors® is a well size-graded lightweight sand manufactured from mineral wastes and by-products. It is a premium quality and a cost-effective construction sand material with diverse applications. 
Where Lypors® can be used: 
Lypors® can be used in different applications such as: 
 
 
Lightweight concrete
 
Lightweight masonry mortar
 
Thermal insulating plaster
 
Lightweight roof tiles
 
Lightweight façade
 
Tile adhesive
 
Screeds and others
Benefits of using Lypors® : 
 
Ready to use
 
Superior and consistent quality
 
Well-balanced between lightweight and good strength
 
Thermal and sound insulation
 
Longer service life of buildings/infrastructures
Contact Us to learn more about Lypors® 
 
LYPLAST® 
What is Lyplast®? 
							Lyplast® is classified as a lightweight plastering mortar in accordance with DIN EN 998-1:2016 and covers the strength classes CS I and CS II.						
Where Lyplast® can be used: 
							Lyplast® is suitable for all wall structures and can be used for both internal and external plastering. It has excellent heat-insulating properties and can be applied directly on the highly absorbent substrate without priming.						
Benefits of using Lyplast®: 
 
Lightweight – easy to lift, transport and plaster
 
Thermal insulating
 
Excellent workability
 
Less rebound
 
Excellent surface finishing
 
Good adhesion on various substrate
 
Improves labor productivity
Contact Us to learn more about Lyplast® 
LYTAR® 
What is Lytar®? 
							Lytar® is a lightweight masonry mortar in accordance with DIN EN 998-2:2016 and covers the strength classes from M5 to M15.						
Where Lytar® can be used: 
							Lytar® is suitable for the construction of loaded and unloaded masonry and applicable for interior and exterior use for bricking up highly insulating wall construction materials.						
Benefits of using Lytar®: 
 
Lightweight – easy to lift, transport and plaster
 
Excellent strength
 
Good workability
 
Good adhesion
 
Improves labor productivity
Contact Us to learn more about Lytar® 
LYCRETE® 
What is Lycrete®? 
Lycrete® is a lightweight dry ready-mix concrete in accordance with DIN EN 206-1:2000 
Where Lycrete® can be used: 
It is suitable for various concrete work such as the production of screed constructions, foundations, door, and window lintels 
Benefits of using Lycrete®: 
 
Excellent strength-to-weight ratio
 
Thermal insulating
 
Good workability
 
Fire resistance
 
Energy savings from heating/cooling buildings
Contact Us to learn more about Lycrete® 
 
Input Streams 
Solutions for a wide range of mineral streams. 
Irrespective of the input streams, the final Lypors® material conforms to… 
ZaaK is a pioneer in upcycling a wide range of mineral wastes and by-product streams such as fly ash, pond ash, deposited ash, biomass, waste to energy ashes as well as bauxite residue and/or the combination of these mineral streams. The versatile technology ensures that the final Lypors® material conform to the harmonized norm EN 13055:2016.
 
Coal combustion ash 
Lypors® technology is extremely versatile and can handle any types of coal combustion products whether they are freshly produced or deposited, hard coal ash, brown coal ash or a mixture of both ashes. 
 
Biomass-coal co-combustion ashes 
Lypors® technology is versatile and handles biomass-coal co- combustion products whether they are freshly produced or deposited. 
 
Waste-to-energy ash 
ZaaK is one of the first companies which started to develop a solution for incineration ashes, also known as waste-to-energy ash, which to a large part until now have been deposited underground. 
 
Bauxite residue 
Lypors® technology is extremely flexible and can handle different types of bauxite residue streams whether they are freshly produced or deposited. 
 
Sustainability 
Lypors® is a prime example of sustainability. 
…whether it is production, transportation, construction, building, living or reuse. 
 
Lypors® is a prime example of sustainability demonstrated throughout its entire life cycle from its production, transportation, use in construction, service life or reuse. 
ProductionUp to 95%
of the raw material constituents are mineral by-products or wastes 
ConstructionUp to 32%
Concrete and reinforcement savings 
TransportationUp to 25% 
fuel savings in transporting Lypors 
Living> 350% 
better thermal insulation factor 
Re-use100% 
Recyclable 
Lypors® technology offers a very meaningful step to achieve twin objectives:– Upcycling mineral wastes and by-products into a value-added construction sand and– Minimizing consumption of sand, a finite natural resourceLypors® is addressing the Sustainable Development Goals defined by the United nations regarding sustainable cities and communities as well as responsible consumption and production. 
 
Services 
One stop solution. 
Together with leading industry players in the design and engineering fields, ZaaK offers tailored solution to thermal power stations, alumina refineries and waste-to-energy incineration plants. 
TURNKEY SOLUTION
END-TO-END SOLUTION
WASTE OFF-TAKE
Turnkey Solution 
Our turnkey solution involves: 
 
Feasibility study
 
Concept development
 
Detailed engineering
 
Fabrication
 
Installation & commissioning
 
Training & handover
TURNKEY 
SOLUTION
End-to-End Solution 
In this model we accompany our clients from the start to finish to achieve zero waste. Our end-to-end solution involves: 
 
Lab & pilot testing's
 
Customize Lypors® process
 
Turnkey solution
 
O&M service
 
Buy-back of Lypors® product
END TO END 
SOLUTION
Waste off-take 
We present our clients with the opportunity to upcycle their mineral wastes and by-products into eco-friendly Lypors® material. We offer them sustainable and economical solutions to dispose off their mineral wastes and by-products. 
 
 
 
 
About Us 
Shaping the Future of Construction. 
ZaaK Technologies is an innovative company with expertise in transforming mineral wastes and by-products into sustainable construction materials. 
 
ZaaK Technologies is an innovative company with expertise in transforming mineral wastes and by-products into sustainable construction materials. Using awards-winning and proprietary clean technologies, ZaaK intends to shape the future of the building and construction industry using its flagship product, Lypors®. This is made possible through the upcycling of wastes and by-products into high-end products that are safe and sustainable for construction. 
We task ourselves with the handling, treatment and utilization of wastes in an environmentally friendly manner, resulting in economic and sustainable solutions. Lypors® has positive effects on energy efficiency of buildings and smart cities while, raw material efficiency reduces other environmental impacts and increases national resource security. Our products have a favorable impact on the product value chain in terms of socioeconomics and the environment.  
OUR MISSIONOur goal is to help expedite the transition to a sustainable future by facilitating investment in eco-friendly resources that help save and rebuild our immediate environment.
OUR CORE VALUES
The PlanetWe make an effort to consider the environmental impact of every decision we make. Reducing the carbon footprint and the by-products of our clients‘ activities and our own will contribute to our planet’s long-term viability. 
This is, indeed, a collaborative effort. We invest in ourselves and the people in the places where we work in order to clean up the earth. We can’t achieve anything on our own.We Are Purpose DrivenA shared purpose is created when we are all on the same page about our mission. We work relentlessly to come up with the best ideas, get outcomes, and open doors that would otherwise be closed. We will not stop till the job is completed.We Are AuthenticWe set an example by doing our best to help save the planet, and preserve our environment. 
Partners 
 
 
 
ZaaK Technologies GmbHAm Wall 8a14979 GroßbeerenGermanyPhone: +49 337 0138 4423info@zaaktechnologies.de 
Send us your Message 
Bitte aktiviere JavaScript in deinem Browser, um dieses Formular fertigzustellen.Name *Email *Message *Checkboxen I agree to the terms of privacy policy of ZaaK Technologies *Send 
 
Imprint
Data Protection
Contact
© by Zaaktechnologies.com
Nach oben scrollen
Diese Seite verwendet Cookies. Mit der Weiternutzung der Seite, stimmst du die Verwendung von Cookies zu.Einstellungen akzeptierenNein, ich möchte keine Cookies erlaubenEinstellungen
Cookie- und Datenschutzeinstellungen
Wie wir Cookies verwendenWir können Cookies anfordern, die auf Ihrem Gerät eingestellt werden. Wir verwenden Cookies, um uns mitzuteilen, wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen, wie Sie mit uns interagieren, Ihre Nutzererfahrung verbessern und Ihre Beziehung zu unserer Website anpassen. 
 Klicken Sie auf die verschiedenen Kategorienüberschriften, um mehr zu erfahren. Sie können auch einige Ihrer Einstellungen ändern. Beachten Sie, dass das Blockieren einiger Arten von Cookies Auswirkungen auf Ihre Erfahrung auf unseren Websites und auf die Dienste haben kann, die wir anbieten können.
Notwendige Website CookiesDiese Cookies sind unbedingt erforderlich, um Ihnen die auf unserer Webseite verfügbaren Dienste und Funktionen zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Da diese Cookies für die auf unserer Webseite verfügbaren Dienste und Funktionen unbedingt erforderlich sind, hat die Ablehnung Auswirkungen auf die Funktionsweise unserer Webseite. Sie können Cookies jederzeit blockieren oder löschen, indem Sie Ihre Browsereinstellungen ändern und das Blockieren aller Cookies auf dieser Webseite erzwingen. Sie werden jedoch immer aufgefordert, Cookies zu akzeptieren / abzulehnen, wenn Sie unsere Website erneut besuchen.
Wir respektieren es voll und ganz, wenn Sie Cookies ablehnen möchten. Um zu vermeiden, dass Sie immer wieder nach Cookies gefragt werden, erlauben Sie uns bitte, einen Cookie für Ihre Einstellungen zu speichern. Sie können sich jederzeit abmelden oder andere Cookies zulassen, um unsere Dienste vollumfänglich nutzen zu können. Wenn Sie Cookies ablehnen, werden alle gesetzten Cookies auf unserer Domain entfernt.
Wir stellen Ihnen eine Liste der von Ihrem Computer auf unserer Domain gespeicherten Cookies zur Verfügung. Aus Sicherheitsgründen können wie Ihnen keine Cookies anzeigen, die von anderen Domains gespeichert werden. Diese können Sie in den Sicherheitseinstellungen Ihres Browsers einsehen.
Aktivieren, damit die Nachrichtenleiste dauerhaft ausgeblendet wird und alle Cookies, denen nicht zugestimmt wurde, abgelehnt werden. Wir benötigen zwei Cookies, damit diese Einstellung gespeichert wird. Andernfalls wird diese Mitteilung bei jedem Seitenladen eingeblendet werden.
Hier klicken, um notwendige Cookies zu aktivieren/deaktivieren.
Andere externe DiensteWir nutzen auch verschiedene externe Dienste wie Google Webfonts, Google Maps und externe Videoanbieter. Da diese Anbieter möglicherweise personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen speichern, können Sie diese hier deaktivieren. Bitte beachten Sie, dass eine Deaktivierung dieser Cookies die Funktionalität und das Aussehen unserer Webseite erheblich beeinträchtigen kann. Die Änderungen werden nach einem Neuladen der Seite wirksam.
Google Webfont Einstellungen:
Hier klicken, um Google Webfonts zu aktivieren/deaktivieren.
Google Maps Einstellungen:
Hier klicken, um Google Maps zu aktivieren/deaktivieren.
Google reCaptcha Einstellungen:
Hier klicken, um Google reCaptcha zu aktivieren/deaktivieren.
Vimeo und YouTube Einstellungen:
Hier klicken, um Videoeinbettungen zu aktivieren/deaktivieren.
DatenschutzrichtlinieSie können unsere Cookies und Datenschutzeinstellungen im Detail in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinie nachlesen. 
Datenschutzerklärung
Einstellungen akzeptierenVerberge nur die Benachrichtigung × 