adpack | dooh revolution
How it works
Solutions
Contact
 
Seite auswählen
  
 
 
 
Real-time face detection
We provide real-time audience targeting through face detection with our screen-based out-of-home solution. adpack identifies persons in front of a screen by age and gender and plays targeted content. With our feature Hyperlocal persons are able to interact through Wifi to get coupons with no need to login or download an application.
 
Read more
 
 
 
»Marketing Innovation of the Year«
2016
 
 
 
»Top Tech Company Digital Marketing«
2017
 
 
 
»Winner of the German Accelerator«
2018
 
 
 
 
 
The combination of strengths
With its screen-based out-of-home solution adpack solves one of the classic problems of offline advertising. The adpack technology bundles the strenghts of both offline- and online advertising into a new channel.
 
 
 
 
Systems installed
 
Countries
 
Clients and Partners
 
 
 
 
 
 
Offline advertising
							reaches customers where they live and work, to immediately influence decisions at the point of sale. Common examples are: billboards, magazines or advertising columns.
						
 
 
 
 
 
Online advertising
							offers pinpoint realtime targeting and measurability of campaigns. This includes banners, pop-ups, native advertisements or microsites.
						
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The adpack system
							With its screen- and Wifi-based out-of-home solution adpack solves one of offline advertising’s classic problems. The adpack technology bundles the strenghts of both offline- and online advertising into a new channel.
						
 
 
See how it works
 
 
 
Key features
This set of core features makes the adpack technology unique:
 
 
 
Programmatic Approach
We provide real time analytical and demographical data, that enables an option of real-time bidding in digital-out-of-home.
 
 
 
Real Time Targeting
We help brands and agencies to create real-time targeted interactive projects for different age and gender audience groups.
 
 
 
Audience Measurement
We make your digital-out-of-home audience clear and easy to define, just like online. Measure your audience by using face recognition.
 
 
 
 
Detailed Reporting
With our backend you are able to monitor your campaigns in real-time and evaluate them effectively.
 
 
 
Customer Analytics
We provide detailed and reliable evaluations of your audience. 
 
 
 
SECURED PRIVACY
Our system has been checked and approved under data protection law.
 
 
 
 
 
Interested? Contact us!
 
 
 
   
 
 
How it works
Contact
Imprint
 
 
IDA Indoor Advertising GmbH 2021  
 
 
 