Aicone - Artificial Intelligence Cloud One | Advanced Analytics, Fuel Pricing
Home 
Solutions
Unique Selling Points 
Pricing 
Wetstock Management 
FCC Management 
Smart Farm Analytics 
Analytics
Machine Learning 
Deep Learning 
Big Data Analysis in Agriculture 
Crawlers 
Consulting 
Company
Leadership 
Aicone Group 
Careers 
Contact Us
Our Locations 
 Events 
 
 
‹
›
 
Aicone UTILISES 
				BIG DATA                
 
TO PROVIDE ADVANCED ANALYTICS 
 
DATA ANALYTICS 
 
BIG DATA ANALYSIS IN AGRICULTURE 
 
MACHINE LEARNING 
 
CRAWLERS 
 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 
 
ABOUT US 
We provide Advanced Analytics through Smart AI-based software and Machine Learning capable services that help you transform your data into decision making tools. 
One-Stop Partner 
Quality Assured 
Cost Effective 
We provide Advanced Analytics through Machine Learning capable services that help you transform your data into decision making tools. 
Over 10 years of experiences and continuous learning gives us the maturity to seamlessly integrate with our client’s processes. Dedicated teams working across time zones ensure that we complete your projects consistently in time and within budgets. 
Aicone automated systems and processes ensure Quality and Cost Effective turnarounds. Average cost savings of over 35-40%. 
WHAT WE DO FOR OUR CLIENTS? 
Predictive Real-Time Analytics 
Predictive Maintenance
Recommender Systems
Video, Image and voice recognition
Demand & Supply forecasting
Alerting and Monitoring
 
‘What If?’ Simulations 
Companies, individuals, or economist, plug into different scenarios and values to determine a range of possible outcomes.This type of analysis is often done when data is limited and a company wants to make the most informed decision. 
Cost Effective 
Regression
Perceptual Mapping
Cluster Analysis
Conjoint
 
Correlation
Discriminate Analysis
TURF Analysis
Factor Analysis
Latent Class / CHAID
 
 
We use robust data mining tools & techniques to extract relevant information from huge sets of data. This information is then represented through dashboards & reports using various visualisation methods. 
Acquire
Parse
Filter
Represent
Interact
READ MORE
 
DATA ANALYTICS 
We walk with you in building high analytic engine viaInsights Acquisition, Analysis, Distribution that will leads toward a maximum impact of business decision.We emphasis on your maximum ROI and lowest TCO. 
  COLLECT
Data sources
Apps
Sensors 
  PROCESS
Cleansing
Integration
Transformation 
  STORE
Data warehouse
Data lake 
  ANALYSE
Data mining
Visualisation
Data science 
  INSIGHT
Consumers 
READ MORE
 
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) 
What an innovative, smart AI-based software can benefityour day-to-day business? 
From a customer point of view, an essential part of fuel or retail business is a “go to” spot due to its competitive pricing. Aicone is a complete solution for B2C enterprises seeking to increase revenue and profit margins to drive top-line growth and profit margins with AI-based software. 
Our Artificial Intelligence (AI) can advise on which are the most appropriate time and best price for your specific strategy in margin and volume. Combining algorithm and best-in-class enterprise software, Aicone’s AI pricing algorithm helps to increase up to your margin line (compared with traditional rule based pricing). 
READ MORE
 
WHY AICONE? 
                                                                                            Dedicated Teams                                                                                    
Dedicated project teams for consistent and reliable project turnaround 
                                                                                            Cost Effective                                                                                    
Advanced Systems & Automated processes helps us keep costs low 
                                                                                            Data Security                                                                                    
Assured data security and confidentiality through our military-grade encryption 
                                                                                            Quick Turnaround                                                                                    
Our Extensive experience enable high quality work with quick turn-around in your time zone 
                                                                                            Statistical Analytics                                                                                    
A complete range of statistical analysis services including Segmentation, Factor Analysis, Conjoint, Turf Analysis, etc 
                                                                                            Data Science                                                                                    
Diverse project experience involving mathematical modelling for critical business insights 
Total Commitment To The Success Of Our Clients 
 
4 to 6 Weeks
May differ slightly based on complexity and the nature of business challenges and/or other factors 
6-18 Months
Actionable insights delivered in time and within budget 
Onsite & Offsite
Clients are supported in their own time zones through dedicated teams 
100%
Customer life time value 
We aim for a long term relationships with our clients.Our clients are our biggest supporters and we would be happy to provide references. 
 
OUR WORK ACROSS CLIENTS & DOMAINS 
Our team has over 100+ Analytics and Data Sciences projects across the Consumer Goods, Financial Services, Automobile, etc. 
Retail 
Loyalty Fraud 
Finance & Insurance 
Cross-selling, Customer Classification 
Automobile 
Brand Health / Positioning 
Pharmacy 
Line of Treatment & Ailments 
Advertising 
Ad Awareness & Campaign Effectiveness 
Travel & Tourism 
Marketing Effectiveness 
Entertainment 
Viewership, Cross Media, Recommendation Engine 
Education 
EdTech – User Acquisition & Conversion 
 
Our Statistical Analysis Capabilities 
Aicone offer a complete range of data analysis and statistical analysis services using SPSS Quantum and SPSS packages. Our core team of solution architects & data scientists provide actionable business insights and solutions, combining technology with a deep understanding of mathematics and analytical frameworks. 
Type of Analysis :
Simple/Multiple Linear RegressionBrief:
This simple and useful technique can be used to predict one metric dependent variable based on a set of metric independent variables. We could use this in forecasting sales of product or the growth rate of any functional industry.
Type of Analysis :
CorrelationBrief:
Bi-variate, Partial and Distances method of Correlation are used to find degree of association between two sets of quantitative data.
Type of Analysis:
Perceptual mapping using Discriminate AnalysisBrief:
Used for classification and prediction of attribute based perceptual mapping. Analysis along with mapping of variables and brands is done. 
Type of Analysis :
Cluster AnalysisBrief:
We undertake this type of analysis basically for studying the Market Segmentation. For e.g. this could be a cluster of brands. Hierarchical, K-means cluster methods are used for this analysis.
 
SERVICES 
DESIGNED FOR FUEL RETAILERS, WHOLESALERS, AND B2C CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS 
                                                    FUEL PRICING                                            
Take control of your fuel pricing, determining and implementing the right retail fuel price. 
                                                    CRAWLERS™ BIG DATA                                            
Accurate data availability to quickly predict market behaviour approaches to integrate and interpret this data to make accurate decisions. 
                                                    ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)                                            
AI reduces manual processes and human errors, yet easily switch to human control at any time. 
                                                    GLOBAL FORECASTING                                            
Be informed about global price changes, so you can make better decisions. 
                                                    CONSUMER MANAGEMENT                                            
Visualise trends and increase forecast accuracy to improve the replenishment processes. 
                                                    RETAIL MANAGEMENT                                            
Start getting the right price to the right stores, examine retail demands and supply logistic. 
                                                    ANALYTICS                                            
Analyse performance information related to volume, margin, commodity, and competitor data. 
                                                    TECH SUPPORT                                            
Say goodbye to tablet errors and computer catastrophes. Our on-call experts are ready to help. 
                                                    USER FRIENDLY                                            
Easy-to-use interface and optimised mobile-experience to make critical pricing decisions. 
A PLATFORM FOR CUSTOMER LOYALTY AND RETAIL MANAGEMENT 
 
Our services utilise learning algorithms to construct dynamic profiles of customers andtheir usage patterns, as well as competitors and their strategies on both micro and macro scales.A complete solution for B2C enterprises seeking to increase revenue and profit margins. 
CRAWLERS 
Aicone’s Crawlers  is an ultimate intelligence enterprise software suitespecifically designed to improve the business performance of fuel stations and convenience stores.Its smart AI and analytic capabilities from day one, covering fuel pricing, fuel merchandising and the convenience store.
READ MORE
 
CONSULTING SERVICES 
AICONE Consulting Will Help You Maximise Your Investment 
Our team is comprised of highly-skilled industry professionals who leverage their expertise toward the success and provide innovative development ideas focused on creating exceptional strategies in the unique levers driving financial performance of large B2C companies.
Contact us today for consultation in-depth industry expertise and comprehensive Fuel Retail Management, Pricing, Forecourt Control, Card and Voucher handling, Loyalty and Payment, Inventory Guide and Wet Stock & Tank Management solutions. 
READ MORE
 
CONTACT US 
Our services provide the most comprehensive B2C margin and profit optimisation solutions on the current global market 
 
of Our Customers Are Deployed in The Cloud
Greater Revenue Predictability
International Offices in Germany, India, Malaysia and The Philippines
CONTACT US
 
Aicone Holding GmbH : Eilenau 20 , 22087 Hamburg, Germany 
Aicone - 301-302, Rachana Ventura, ITI Road, Aundh, Pune 411 007, India. 
Aicone - Suite 13A.01 Level 13A, Wisma Goldhill, 67 Jalan Raja Chulan, 50200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
                        Aicone - The Philippines
QBO Innovation Hub, DTI International Bldg., (Jupiter St. Entrance.) 375 Senator Gil J. Puyat Ave., Makati City Metro Manila, 1209 Philippines                    
 
 
© 2021 Aicone Group - Artificial Intelligence Cloud One. All Rights Reserved.  The Platform for Services in Energy - Logistic - eCommerce Privacy Policy | Contact | Disclaimer | Impressum   
 
 
Aicone uses cookies for functional and analytical purposes. Please read our Cookie Policy for more information. Accept