Home - English - alethia.group
 
Home
Technology
Application
About us
News
 
DE
EN
FR
 
Contact
 
 
  
Glasstec Virtual  2020 Unfortunately, our trade fair appearance in Düsseldorf c... Read more
Wood craft Nuremberg 2020 Exhibitors & Products Wood craft 2020 Attention: Due ... Read more
Hannover – Digital Days After the industrial fair in Hanover also fell victim to ... Read more
 
 
 
Alethia Group
We spray glass on organic surfaces.
 
Alethia Group
 
 
Alethia technology is a patented, sustainable and ecological alternative to existing product solutions for coating, functionalizing and protecting surfaces.
Today, with Alethia technology, it is possible to transfer the protective properties of glass to wood, concrete, sandstone and many other materials: We also coat temperature-sensitive natural substrates with glass.
Alethia technology makes it feasible to coat all types of construction with thin layers of glass under atmospheric conditions, setting new standards in terms of durability, hydrophobicity, flame and UV protection.
 
Alethia Group
 
 
 
 
Technology
Through a special process,
almost any surface can be protected
 
 
 
Surface (wood, stone, etc.)
    Abstract representation of the process
  
Sol layer
Plasma activation
Glass layer
 
 
 
Become an Investor?
Learn more
 
 
 
Innovation
What our technology can improve.
The layer protects against UV radiation, heat, dirt and moisture. It is harmless and serves the sustainable wood industry. Because native wood becomes resistant and robust like tropical wood.
 
 
 
Hydrophobia 
UV protection 
Scratch protection 
Flame protection 
 
 
 
Areas of application
Use of Alethia technology
 
 
WoodStoneMetal
Glass – a completely harmless, resistant, inexpensive and almost an inexhaustible ecological resource. We have developed a technology with which the protective properties of glass can be transferred to weather-prone building materials (e.g wood).
 
Glass – a completely harmless, resistant, inexpensive and almost an inexhaustible ecological resource. We have developed a technology with which the protective properties of glass can be transferred to sandstone, marble, concrete, … (e.g. the marble kitchen worktop can be protected from red wine, the walls can be protected from graffiti) …
 
Glass – a completely harmless, resistant, inexpensive and almost inexhaustible ecological resource. We have developed a technology with which the protective properties of glass can be transferred to metal, in order to permanently maintain its desired properties such as sliding ability /lubrication, corrosion protection…
 
 
 
mm
m² surface area
possibilities
 
 
 
About us
Our Company’s video
 
 
 
 
 
About us
Who, what, why?
 
We are currently a team of 10 highly motivated members with a unique idea. We make the world a little better with our ecological protective coating. It combines all positive requirements for an efficient surface protection. Our technology is therefore already certified as the future gold standard in surface coating by Walter Glaubitt formerly Fraunhofer Institut Würzburg (ISC). The idea has won multiple awards and is currently in the industrialization phase.
 
 
 
About us
Our Team
 
Matthias Milek Managing Partner 
Thomas Lazer Quality 
Carsten Schulze ED & D 
Sebastian Weidenfeld Testing 
Dr. Esmail Isser Testing 
Amed Elgamal Design 
Mohammad Elmeseery Design 
Shada Bisharat Automation 
Chourouk El Beidaq Marketing & Communication 
Dr. Karl Andermahr Technical Advisor 
 
 
 
News
Blog
 
 
 
 
Glasstec Virtual  2020
Unfortunately, our trade fair appearance in Düsseldorf can only take place virtually in 2020. But...
 
 
Wood craft Nuremberg 2020
Exhibitors & Products Wood craft 2020 Attention: Due to corona postponed to March 29 - April...
 
 
Hannover – Digital Days
After the industrial fair in Hanover also fell victim to Corona, we took part in the digital day...
 
 
Mehr Beiträge
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact
Write to us if you have any questions
 
Name
Email Address
Message
Send
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
English
English
Français
Deutsch
 
 



 
 
 
DatenschutzImpressum
 
 
 
© 2020 Alethia Group GmbH
 
 
 
  
 
 