Build credit with rent | Boom
GET BOOM TO BUILD CREDIT AND RENT BETTERText sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.Property ManagersText sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.LOG INGET STARTEDText me the appBoom for Property ManagersAbout UsHelp CenterGET STARTEDPROPERTY MANAGERSGET BOOM TO BUILD CREDIT AND RENT BETTERText sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.Build credit with your rentReport your current and past rent payments to all 3 credit bureaus with BoomText sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.Download:all 3credit bureausSo that you get the maximum credit impact.So that you get the maximum credit impact.Boom users have seen their scores increase byover 105 pointswith an average increase of over 28 points in 2 weeks1/3Enroll in less than 7 minutesVerify your identity, add your rent details, and connect the bank account that your rent is paid from.2/3We report your dataOur tech goes to work to verify your data and report your payments to all 3 credit bureaus. The majority of Boom users are verified in less than 24 hours and reported thereafter. If there are issues, you’ll receive a notification to resolve it.3/3SEE YOUR CREDIT SCORE IMPACTYour credit report will be updated within as few as 10 days from the time of checkout. Boom continues automatically verifying and reporting your payments on a monthly basis (if you signed up for Ongoing Reporting).How it works1/3Enroll in less than 7 minutesVerify your identity, add your rent details, and connect the bank account that your rent is paid from.This is some text inside of a div block.2/3We report your dataOur tech goes to work to verify your data and report your payments to all 3 credit bureaus. The majority of Boom users are verified in less than 24 hours and reported thereafter. If there are issues, you’ll receive a notification to resolve it.3/3See your credit score impactYour credit report will be updated within as few as 10 days from the time of checkout. Boom continues automatically verifying and reporting your payments on a monthly basis (if you signed up for Ongoing Reporting).GET BOOM TO BUILD CREDIT AND RENT BETTERText sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.GET BOOM TO BUILD CREDIT AND RENT BETTERText sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.Thousands of renters trust Boom to report their rent4.5 AVG RATINGLeah BDes Moines, IAEasy-to-use app. After uploading my lease and supplying my checking account info I waited for an updated credit score to show up on my credit report. Once the rental agreement and checking account was verified, "to prove 2 years of rent payments was coming out of my bank" I received a 108 point credit score increase from Boom, and it only took 3-4 days! This service is amazing!108 point increaseGavriel OLos Angeles, CAThe app is improving every day! I love how you can now communicate directly with the Boom team in the app instead of waiting for an email. This service is incredible! My credit score went up 100 points and I only paid $25! Totally worth every penny!100+ point increaseEmmon KMiami, FLAmazing, easy-to-use app. Helped increase my score over 50 points! Highly recommended!50+ POINT INCREASEPascal GNew York, NYIt worked like a speed of light. I subscribed and within 3 days my credit score increased from new (zero) rate to 700+ by reporting 2 years of payments. This helped me when I needed it the most. I am so excited that all my previous rent payments were reported to the credit bureaus which boosted my credit score! New (zero) to 700+Brittnee LSeattle, WAI paid the $50 for past and future rental payments to be reported and in one month my score increased by 127 pts! I was so shocked and pleased. I’ve been telling all my friends and coworkers! 127 point increaseShera LAtlanta, GAThis app is simply AMAZING! I had no idea I could get credit for paying my rent on-time consistently. Thanks to Boom and my increased credit score, I was able to purchase my first home a few days ago! I’ve told everyone about Boom because DUH! Everyone needs to know! Renter -> ownerSee more reviewsBrittnee LSeattle, WAI paid the $50 for past and future rental payments to be reported and in one month my score increased by 127 pts! I was so shocked and pleased. I’ve been telling all my friends and coworkers! 127 point increasePASCAL GLos Angeles, CAIt worked like a speed of light. I subscribed and within 3 days my credit score increased from new (zero) rate to 700+ by reporting 2 years of payments. This helped me when I needed it the most. I am so excited that all my previous rent payments were reported to the credit bureaus which boosted my credit score! New (zero) to 700+Emmon KMiami, FLAmazing, easy-to-use app. Helped increase my score over 50 points! Highly recommended!50+ POINT INCREASEPASCAL GLos Angeles, CAThe app is improving every day! I love how you can now communicate directly with the Boom team in the app instead of waiting for an email. This service is incredible! My credit score went up 100 points and I only paid $25! Totally worth every penny!100+ point increaseSHERA LAtlanta, GAThis app is simply AMAZING! I had no idea I could get credit for paying my rent on-time consistently. Thanks to Boom and my increased credit score, I was able to purchase my first home a few days ago! I’ve told everyone about Boom because DUH! Everyone needs to know! Renter -> ownerLeah BDes Moines, IAEasy-to-use app. After uploading my lease and supplying my checking account info I waited for an updated credit score to show up on my credit report. Once the rental agreement and checking account was verified, "to prove 2 years of rent payments was coming out of my bank" I received a 108 point credit score increase from Boom, and it only took 3-4 days! This service is amazing!108 point increaseNo-brainer pricingThe most affordable way to build credit with your rent. A one-time $10 enrollment fee is required to cover verification costs.ANDongoing REPORTINGReport your monthly rent payments from this month forward.$2/month$24 annuallyPast reportingReport up to 24 months of past rent payment history for maximum impact. Report even if you’ve already moved out.$25one timeORGET STARTEDReport already closed leasesAs long as your move out date was within 12 months from today, Boom can report your rent.No landlord involvement requiredWe sync to your bank transactions and do not need to contact your landlord.Works with (almost) all types of rent paymentsBoom works with all payment types except cash, money orders and cashiers checks. Boom accepts Zelle, Venmo, Cash App, check, ACH, property management portal, and more.No hard or soft credit pullEnrolling never requires any credit pull that could negatively impact your credit.YOU ALSO MIGHT BE WONDERINGHow far back can I report?Boom can report up to 24 months of past rent payments from any residential lease (whether that's your current lease or even an old lease in which you moved out in the last 12 months). What is a rental tradeline?A rental tradeline is a line-item on your credit report that reflects your rent payment history. Rent payments are not automatically included on your credit report, so a third party is needed to report them. Boom is a credentialed rental payment data furnisher with the three major credit bureaus. Learn more about rental tradelines here: https://intercom.help/boomhelpcenter/en/articles/6139836-what-is-a-rental-tradeline Will this decrease my credit score? What if I missed a rent payment or two? With Boom, we only report positive payment history. You can still use Boom if you’ve missed a couple rent payments or have been late paying rent. There is no credit check, no hard inquiry — just positive-only payment reporting and a 7-day money-back guarantee. How long does it take for my rental payments to be reported? Your credit report will be updated in as few as 10 days from the time of checkout. While Boom verifies customer data in as few as 48 hours, the credit bureaus can take longer to furnish the data on the credit report. Given the various timelines of the credit bureaus, we suggest waiting up to 30 days from when we verify your customer data to see your credit report updated. What if I have a roommate?Your roommate can use Boom too! All residents on the lease are eligible for BoomReport as long as there is a formal lease agreement and they are on the lease. All users are required to enroll with their own BoomReport account and all residents need to link a bank account which they use to pay their rent (even if it's to a roommate via Venmo or Cash App). Learn more here: https://intercom.help/boomhelpcenter/en/articles/6139802-can-my-spouse-roommate-sign-up-what-if-they-pay-me-instead What if my lease has expired or I have multiple leases? We can report any valid residential lease agreement that is currently active or has been active within the last 12 months, even if you have already moved out. If your lease has expired, but you are now living month-to-month at the same address without a formal lease renewal, this is also acceptable. You can even report multiple leases in the Boom app! Learn more here: https://intercom.help/boomhelpcenter/en/articles/6139800-can-i-report-my-old-or-prior-lease-if-the-lease-is-no-longer-active-valid-and-or-i-ve-already-moved-out See allBoom can also help youBoom can also help youSplit your rentRent due on the 1st but get paid on the 15th? With Boom, split your rent into installments for a small fee. Improve cashflow, save money, and build credit in the process.Coming soonFind your next rentalBrowse over 500 popular rental groups with Boom. With over 6 million active users, Boom hosts some of the largest rental, subletting, and roommate communities in the world.Explore our communitiesTrack your credit scoreShopping for a car, apartment or credit card? Your credit score matters more than you think. Subscribe and track your credit score with Boom.Ready to take the next step to better credit?Sign up takes only 7 minutes. No commitment until checkout.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.Text sent! Please check your phone.Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.GET STARTEDCompanyAbout us
Careers
Help Center
Legal
Partners & ProductProperty managers
Affiliates
Communities
Renter web login
RESOURCESApartment search
Credit impact
SB 1157
Blog
Blog
Copyright Boom Pay, Inc. 2023