AngelDesk- The easiest way to make your startup investments – The all-in-one software suite for business angels.
Skip to content
 
Start
Beta
FAQ
Team
Menu
Start
Beta
FAQ
Team
Start
Login → 
All your startup investments in one place. 
The one-stop deal flow management solution. 
 
 
One click and you share a startup with all your angels 
Use your entire network every time to share deals and make collective decisions with a few clicks, while receiving more deals in return. 
Dealflow in one place 
Centralized management of the whole investment process & standardized data sets promote a holistic overview and boost time savings. 
 
 
 
Better judgement with data 
Get the most out of comparable KPI sets, receive angels' feedback, and make better decisions based on data.
 
 
Connectivity 
 
Efficiency 
 
Insight 
Works with all investment types. 
✓ Any stage startup investment. 
✓ Convertible or equity based investment. 
✓ Companies with a large or controlling amount of shares. 
✓ International coverage (soon) 
 
No configuration required. 
Our deal flow management solution is ready out-of-the-box. No configuration. No templates. No setup. Everything is pre-configured, from feedback to graphical analysis. 
 
Sign up for free
Get started for free. Simply sign-up and confirm your email address.
 
 
Add your startups
The only thing you actively need to do is add your startups' basic information. Then, your are ready to share the deal with other angels.
 
 
Add your angels
Simply add angels with their email address. This allows you to share deals with them and receive their feedback.
 
 
Share your startups with other angels
Sharing deals conveniently with your network allows angels to give you feedback on the startup, enabling better collaborative decisions.
 
Make better decisions based on data
As soon as the angels give their feedback, your dashboard is automatically updated. You can immediately start evaluating the startup with more insight.
 
It only takes 3 minutes for angels to give Feedback. 
We collect standardized data about Market size, Product, Competitive advantage, Team, Investability and Personal fit. Angels have the option to give extra comments and leave a note. 
See full list of collected data in the FAQ for angels. 
 
 
Join our beta program 
Get your beta invite now.Start for free. 
All features
Sign up
 
We value your privacy and protect your data. 
Full privacy control 
We know how sensitive your startup data is, so we give you total control over who sees what. We earn money through your subscription, not by selling data. If you want to participate in future benchmarking features, you may voluntarily opt-in to have your aggregated data analyzed anonymously. 
Data protection 
State-of-the-art technology and security by design enables a decentralized and secure infrastructure. Our servers are located in Frankfurt, Germany and regularly managed by one of the largest and most trusted cloud providers on the planet. 
Verification system 
To maintain a frictionless deal flow management solution, we use your email address as identifier that we check regularly. This way angels can clearly verify your identity before any data is shared with you. 
 
 
AngelReporting is a product of AngelDesk GmbH 
Platform 
StartHow it worksFeaturesPricingFAQ for angels 
For startups 
How it worksFAQ for startups 
Company 
Team 
Contact 
Email 
Newsletter 
Subscribe
©2020-2021, AngelDesk GmbH All Rights Reserved 
Privacy policy  |  Terms of service  |  Imprint 
 
 
join ourfree beta 
Apply for our exclusive beta program.Sign up to receive a personal invitation and join our newsletter. 
First name 
Last name 
Email address 
Apply
By clicking on Apply, you acknowledge having read our Privacy Policy. 
subscribe 
Sign up for our newsletter to get to know first about our launch. 
First name 
Last name 
Email address 
Subscribe
By clicking on Subscribe, you acknowledge having read our Privacy Policy. 
apply here 
Apply for our exclusive collaboration program.Sign up to receive a personal invitation and join us on our mission 
First name 
Last name 
Email address 
Signup
By clicking on Signup, you acknowledge having read our Privacy Policy. 