arculus - a Jungheinrich company
loading the future of Autonomous Mobile Robots
Product
About
Blog
Career
Get in touch
Product
Blog
About
Career
+
Reach out and we will get back to you!
 
 
I’m interested in*Modular ProductionWarehouseFleetarculee (AMR)
I hereby confirm that arculus may contact me. This consent may be withdrawn at any time. Further details in the privacy policy.
 
 
The Engineering Powerhouse for Mobile Robots
arculus - a Jungheinrich company
More agility than ever before
Whether underload transport or goods-to-person applications, arculus makes intralogistics processes more efficient and economical by creating products as part of Jungheinrich. We combine the speed of an agile tech company with the strength of a leading global intralogistics player.
Product
Autonomous mobile robot (AMR)
Multi-purpose transport platform combining the capabilities from self-driving cars and economies from mass production.
VDA5050
Product
Real-time controlledsoftware platform
Planning, simulation, optimization and full control in one application. From flexible product flows to goods-to-person material handling and fleet management for autonomous mobile robots.
Bottom line
+100
arculus employees
+18k
Jungheinrich colleagues
1
vision
TOGETHER WE BRING AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOTS TO LIFE
“"Amazon has proven that autonomous AGVs can be a game changer. arculus has done a lot right – they are well positioned to lead the transformation in auto and beyond."”
Prof. Michael ten Hompel
Managing Director Fraunhofer IML
“Today, flexibility in the supply chain is a decisive criterion for economic success. For us, this means: we have to pick goods faster, more efficiently, and without errors. Jungheinrich’s automation concept, with its mix of innovative robotics and classic AGVs, meets all these requirements. 
”
Mark Menting
Global Process Owner Logistics at Prodrive Technologies
Customers we worked with
Want to join the futureof Mobile Robots? Get in touch!
Afiffa Batool
TALENT ACQUISITION RECRUITER & PARTNER
Join
arculus is a part of Jungheinrich that independently develops high-end mobile robots and software products for intralogistics automation. From mechanics to electronics and code – our engineering powerhouse has it all. We combine the speed and creativity of an agile tech company with the strength of a leading global intralogistics player.
Arculus
Product
About
Career
Resources
Press
Blog
Contact
arculus GmbH
Atelierstrasse 16
D-81671 Munich
+49 89 2112 9880
info@arculus.de
Social
arculus is a part of Jungheinrich that independently develops high-end mobile robots and software products for intralogistics automation. From mechanics to electronics and code – our engineering powerhouse has it all. We combine the speed and creativity of an agile tech company with the strength of a leading global intralogistics player.
IMPRINT / Privacy Policy
© 2023 arculus
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.AcceptRejectManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
                                Necessary                            
 Necessary 
                                    Always Enabled                                
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
                                Functional                            
functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
                                Performance                            
performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
                                Analytics                            
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
                                Advertisement                            
advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
                                Others                            
others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Save & Accept
   