2B LOCAL - Experience the Local Life
 
Home
Features
Video
About us
Blog
Get App
             
 
Toggle menu
 
Get App
             
 
2B LOCAL
 
				Experience the cities' best kept secrets & get closer to local life			
				Join a powerful network			
Connect
				Connect & follow friends, locals and travellers all over the world			
Discover
				Gain insider knowledge and get access to unique experiences in your city and at your destination			
Experience
				See the city from a new angle and experience things that are right for you the moment you want it			
				Access the unknown			
			Unlock the cities’ best kept secrets		
	Get up-to-date insider tips from locals, friends and travelers. Experience unique tours, activties and events around the world!
				Trustful. Authentic. Real.			
A platform that will inspire
 
All Locals
				All 2B LOCAL users are locals around the world with exciting insights to their city			
Proven Content
				Real tips by real people, verified by the 2B LOCAL community			
Daily Feed
				Never miss anything and see daily updates from your friends and favorite locals			
In-App Messaging
				Stay connected and share tips, events and cool experiences with your friends			
My Favorites
				Save your favorite tips, activities and events and quickly access them anywhere and anytime			
				What Travellers Want			
We asked them
 
				Roya – Travel Addict			
	When I travel, I love to see the cities from a very local perspective. It just gives me a different angle and I don’t want to be an ordinary tourist.
				Simeon – Experience Hunter			
	How do I know what’s real? What’s fake? The best tips, I always get from my friends, because they know what I like, I like what they like.
				Kathrin – Adventurer			
	I’m a travel addict and I wish there would be a platform where I could see destinations from a new and exciting perspective.
			Coming up		
				This is just the beginning! We have exciting features in the pipeline that will be added in future updates. Download the 2B LOCAL app now not to miss anything. Follow us on our social media accounts!			
NEAR ME FEATURE
UPCOMING EVENTS
TRAVEL BOOKINGS
TOURS & ACTIVITES
VIDEO CONTENT
TRAVEL ARTICLES
				Watch our video			
A user journey
with 2B LOCAL
 
				Check out our blog			
LOCAL PORTRAITS
 
												Fashion, health & lifestyle from Amsterdam, The Netherlands					
            by            
                nkratzmann            
					Dionne Pool is the founder and Art Director of FRANK AGENCY based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Her agency manages and represents leading artists in...				
LOCAL PORTRAIT 
												Jewelry design made in Frankfurt, Germany					
            by            
                nkratzmann            
					Nanna's great sense for beautiful design and exquisite taste, she gave us insight to real local life, where to hang out with amazing people, hot places for a drink,...				
LOCAL PORTRAIT 
												Hip hop from Frankfurt, Germany					
            by            
                nkratzmann            
					Simeon, a Frankfurt-born hip-hop artist, has started rapping in his early years at school and for many years, not even his friends and people...				
LOCAL PORTRAIT 
Do you want to read the full local portrait?
 
Download the 2B LOCAL app and experience the city like a local!
 
				Who we are			
				ROCKS & BIRDS MEDIA GmbH			
				Factory Berlin			
				Rheinsberger Straße 76/ 77			
				10115 Berlin, Germany			
				Menu			
				About us			
				Impressum (german)			
				Imprint (english)			
				Datenschutzerklärung (german)			
				Privacy Policy (english)			
				© 2022 2B LOCAL All Rights Reserved.			
 
GDPR Cookie Consent with Real Cookie Banner