Smart Locks for Professionals - BlueID
Offices 
Enterprise 
Products 
BlueID System 
Hardware Catalogue 
Integration Partners 
Documentation 
About us 
Company 
Careers 
Download Area 
News 
DE 
 
                                    Contact us                                
Smart Locks
for Professionals
 
Equip your office, building or solution with BlueID’s smart locks for
professional buildings and unlock the advantages of mobile access control.
Smart, MobileAccess
Offer your employees a smart, sophisticated solution to enter your office space. BlueID smart locks are flexible and work with smartphones, NFC cards and dongles - let your users choose what fits them.
Simple Installation& Maintenance
BlueID locks can be easily mounted into your office doors and maintenance is done in-house. For multi-tenant buildings, main entrances and garage gates can be retrofitted within minutes.
Cost-EffectiveKey System
Save inconvenient lost key and lock replacement costs with BlueID smart locks. Revoke and grant keys with a click, and keep your office space secure even from a distance.
BlueID smart locks for professional buildings
It is suitable for you if you are an SME who wants mobile access for your office; if you are an asset owner who wants mobile access for your own digital building; if you are a B2B integrator who wants mobile access as part of your PropTech platform; or if you are a lock OEM who wants to increment your hardware offering.
Our locks are “smart” for a reason: besides the broad portfolio of high quality, Made in Germany hardware, we also offer you exactly the mobile access you need – from a simpler “smart lock + mobile app” combination for SMEs, all the way to more sophisticated combinations for asset owners, B2B integratos and OEMs.
Discover BlueID for Offices
Discover BlueID for Enterprise
We are known for our exceptional security
We offer you and your users the utmost security through our GDPR-compliant, certified solution.
  
Read more about BlueID's security
News
9. September 2022
Change in management of BlueID GmbH
                            Munich, September 09, 2022 – After the takeover of all company shares of BlueID GmbH by New Spaces GmbH, Alexander Adam was appointed as successor of Philipp Spangenberg as ...                        
Read More
29. July 2022
Zapfloor takes the office experience to the next level with BlueID
                            Munich, July 29 2022 – Zapfloor takes any office experience to the next level by providing a combination of various workspace management solutions in a single operating system. To ...                        
Read More
22. July 2022
BlueID is now a proud member of the RWTH Aachen Campus Community
                            Munich, July 22 2022 – BlueID is now a proud member of the RWTH Aachen Campus Community, the place for collaboration and communication in the real estate industry.   ...                        
Read More
Any questions? Reach out
to us and we’ll get back to
you shortly.
For support, access the BlueID
ACCESS® Documentation here.
BlueID GmbH
Schellingstraße 109a
80798 Munich
Germany
communications@blueid.net
+49 / 89 / 8 09 90 26 – 00
© 2023 BlueID - All rights reserved
Imprint
Data Privacy Policy
BlueID ACCESS Documentation
Press Kit