BotTalk - Engage your readers with audio articles!
Use Cases
Pricing
FAQ
Blog
Contact
About us
Login
Dashboard
Engage your readers with audio articles
Low user engagement?
Canceled subscriptions?
Diminishing advertising revenues?
Sounds familiar? Audio is the solution! 
Sign Up - It's Free!
Low user engagement?
Your readers are distracted
Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, Twitter - these companies invest millions of dollars into algorithms that keep users on their platforms.
Audio allows your users to consume your articles while being distracted.
Over 75% of users listen to the articles generated by BotTalk till the end.
Sign Up - It's Free!
Canceled subscriptions?
Subscription fatigue is a known phenomenon in the digital publishing business. 
It's just like a gym - if you have a membership but don't go there - you will cancel sooner or later.
Audio solves this problem by allowing your subscribers to listen to the articles they don't have time to read.
Sign Up - It's Free!
Falling advertising revenues?
Audio advertising is booming
Banner blindness leads to lower advertising revenues.
Audio advertising has a much more attractive CPM. 
Turning your articles into audio creates a whole new revenue stream.
Sign Up - It's Free!
🎧 BotTalk creates audio articles for the leading news publishers
Our Clients
Jana Suilmann
Head of Audio bei FUNKE
BotTalk enabled us to gain important experience in the field of TTS and to generate strategic insights into the use of the technology in the dedicated application fields. We implemented BotTalk successfully on 20 websites. 
Meinolf Ellers
CEO, dpa-digital services GmbH
The perfect career for a media startup: the audio experts at @bottalk_de
                  started in #medialift Incubator of @NextMediaHH, were then in the @NMA_vc
                  promoted and now can reach many German news publishers beeing an official partner at the @dpa_unternehmen marketplace. Great success story!
Patrick Körting
Head of Audio, NOZ Digital
                    BotTalk has a focus to become the best Text-to-Speech provider for publishers.
                  We at NOZ have looked at other solutions. But what became clear to us: BotTalk's quality of speech is just ahead of everything out there.
Field Guides
🎧 Video Tutorial Available
                    [Docs] How to Create BotTalk Account, Organization, and Invite Co-Workers
                    
In this guide, you will learn how to get started with BotTalk Audio Platform quickly: create a BotTalk account, organization, invite co-workers and start collaborating.
                    
Continue Reading
🎧 Video Tutorial Available
                    [Docs] How to Create and Configure Text-to-Speech Projects
                    
This guide will teach you how to leverage all the great text-to-speech features specially designed to fit publishers'; needs: voice selection, RSS, API, Paywall, Audio advertising, etc.
                    
Continue Reading
🎧 Video Tutorial Available
                    [Docs] How to Publish Audio Articles with Native Web Player
                    
In this guide you will learn how to embed text-to-speech audio into your website. What is a native web player? How to match your website design? GDPR compliance and cookies consent management.
                    
Continue Reading
In the Press
12 Scale-ups continue the STADIEM Journey 
www.stadiem.eu
BotTalk and Hamburger Abendblatt present the audio use case at the World Association of News Publishers 
www.wan-ifra.org
BotTalk's Keynote on "Audio Networking Event" at SLUSH, Helsinki
www.stadiem.eu
Über 30 spannende Audio-Startups, die man kennen sollte
www.deutsche-startups.de
Text-to-Speech-Software mit frischem Ansatz
www.boersenblatt.net
Diese fünf Start-ups bestreiten das Finale
www.boersenblatt.net
Diese zehn Start-ups treten an
www.boersenblatt.net
Hände hoch! Die Ohren geradeaus! Diesmal geht es um Audio und Voice.
www.wuv.de
7 Trend-Prognosen für 2021 in der Medien- und Digitalbranche 
t3n.de
Ein Hamburger Startup verwandelt Nachrichtenseiten in Podcasts
www.businessinsider.de
BotTalk Blog
February 14, 2023
                      Text-to-Speech 101: What Is TTS and Who Uses It?
                    
Do you ever find yourself reading an article online and wish you could just have it read to you? Well, with text-to-speech (TTS) technology, now you can!
In this blog post, we'll give you a basic overview of TTS: what it is, how it works, and who uses it. 
Continue Reading
October 14, 2022
                    AI Voice Cloning: How Does it Work and Where is it Used?
                    
                      If you are anything like me, you probably think of voice cloning as something out of a science fiction movie.
                    
                      But the truth is, the technology is already here - and it's being used more and more every day.
                    
                      In this blog post, we'll take a look at how voice cloning works and some of the ways it's being used today.
                    
Continue Reading
Mar 15, 2021
                    5 Questions About Text-to-Speech Every Publisher Should Ask
                    
In our talks with publishers, we at BotTalk often face some common misconceptions about text-to-speech.
                      It seems that many publishers don't realize how big of a leap text-to-speech technology has made in recent years.
                    Moreover, publishers often misunderstand text-to-speech as an accessibility add-on - essential but not required for most users. 
Continue Reading
Ready to launch?
Join the audio revolution today!
Contact Our Team 
Popular Topics
Text-to-Speech Use Cases
Why BotTalk?
Audio Products
Learn Text-to-Speech
Why Audio? 
Audio Success Stories 
Text-to-Speech Tutorials 
Company
About us
Contact
Blog
Legal Stuff
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions (DE)
Terms and Conditions (EN)
Imprint
© 2022 BotTalk UG, All Rights Reserved
Sign in with
Anmelden mit dpa ID
Sign in with Google
Sign in with Azure