ConsciousU | creating conscious tribes
 
 
Programmes
Overview
CU*i
CU*money
Events
Pricing
About Us
Who we are
Partners
Content
Newsletter
Contact
 
Select Page
  
 
 
Transform the culture of your organisation through scalable personal development programmes.
Discover Our Programmes...
Transform your culture sustainably and cost-efficiently from the inside out by engaging everyone in your organisation. 
Our blended-learning programmes are:
Scalable
Inclusive
Digital
Social
Holistic
Intuitive
Our programmes create the soil for an agile, deliberately developmental organisation by guiding you and your employees through a profound process of self-reflection, discovery and solution oriented dialogue with peers. Along the way, you deepen your compassion for self and others, assume ownership and create meaningful connections with colleagues across the organisation. – All in all the inner work that makes new work possible.
Discover Our Programmes...
Book Demo...
Personal development programmes with a guaranteed impact.
Our holistic, blended-learning approach enables playful habit-building and is rooted in behavioural science and psychology. We consolidate intellect with compassion and self-reflection with interaction, thus empowering individuals to create collective transformation.
Scalable. Inclusive. Sustainable.
Discover Our Programmes...
Book Demo...
Find out what our clients say...
Our Programmes
Personal development programmes individual and organisational transformation.
increasing employee engagement in your organisation
Create the soil for an agile, deliberately developmental organisation with CU*i.
Find out more...
do what you love, with and without money
Understand your relationship with money to re-invent your life and business with CU*money.
Find out more...
supportive connection with friends and strangers
Our award-winning CU*spoonroom format for building supportive connections with friends and strangers in challenging times.
Find out more...
Are you ready to transform your oganisation?
Our Pricing Model
For Organisations
Engage each and every employee of your organisation for as low as 350,- EUR + VAT per person (depending on the number of people in your organisation).
Contact us to receive a tailored quote...
For Individuals
We apply a sliding scale for our courses for individuals where you define your contribution.
Have a look at CU*money, one of our courses with a sliding price scale...
Customer Testimonials
(Note, that for data protection reasons we cannot divulge the names of our CU*i-participants. Do contact us to find out more about the change created in our clients’ organisations by the CU*i programme.)
There is now a sense of WE that we never had in the organisation.
Today, I courageously address conflict while being more open to listening to others.
Our team became a safe space.
The buddy conversations enabled us to have radically different dialogue from the ones that normally happen in the organisation. I now trust my team.
My good intentions turned into actions. I am much more proactive than I used to be.
We now feel responsible for each other – because we care about one another as a person.
I am much more willing  to engage with colleagues that I once labelled difficult because I now understand better what drives them.
CU*i introduced me to important self-care rituals, which increased my wellbeing.
We are less afraid of looking silly or feeling vulnerable – which has resulted in more creative and interesting solutions.
Are you ready to transform your oganisation?
Uncover everything that’s preventing you from being you
Joshua Haynes, founder of the Masawa Impact Investment fund
Clarity & Empowerment
Flavia Deuchler, founder of Ora Collective
Watch many more CU*money testimonials here.
Are you ready to transform your oganisation?
Address
Conscious U GmbHAlte Jakobstr. 12110969 BerlinGermany
Contact
contact(at)conscious-u.com
Let's keep in touch!
Follow us on LinkedIn.
Follow us on Medium.
Subscribe to our Newsletter.
 
Contact
Privacy Policy
Impress
 
© 2023 | Conscious U GmbH 
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
 