  COOLAR
 
    
 
        
Home
News
Contact
Team
Supporters
No menu assigned!
Coolar A refrigerator that is powered by solar heat instead electricity.
  
   
Electricity-independent medical refrigeratorsCoolar is raising investment to pilot electricity-free cooling systems powered by solar heat
Meet Coolar
Contact Us
        
  
The Coolar system uses warm water that is easy to generate through solar energy and easy to store in a water tank. It does not require any short-lived batteries or electronic components, nor rotating parts. It does not use any hazardous refrigerants or lubricants.
This way, the Coolar system can provide the most economical, durable and sustainable solution for vaccine, medicine and food storage in regions with unreliable or expensive electricity.
Learn More 
  
UNIQUE FEATURES
  
  
Grid Independent
Powered by solar thermal energy it operates independent from electricity.
  
Long-lasting & Robust
System requires no short-lived batteries and contains no easy to break electronics or rotating parts.
  
Economical
No running costs as it is powered by hot water from abundant solar heat.
  
Green
CO2 emissions are 10 x lower compared to conventional fridges.
  
Non-hazardous
Uses no hazardous materials, which makes it unproblematic upon disposal.
  
Social
Enables reliable cooling for people without access to stable electricity.
Coolar’s system powers refrigerators that run independent from the electricity and instead with hot water from solar heat, which makes them close to carbon neutral.
The refrigerator will enable doctors and health professionals to preserve lifesaving medicine and vaccines in a reliable and eco-friendly way.
Learn More 
  
 HOW IT WORKS   The Adsorption Cooling Cycle  
  
  
1. Evaporation
Part of the water evaporates in the evaporator due to low pressure in the system. The resulting evaporation cooling effect cools the storage compartment.
  
2. Adsorption
The adsorbent attracts vapour, binds it on its surface and frees up space in the evaporator. In that space more water evaporates, so multiplying the cooling effect.
  
3. Drying
Once the adsorbent’s surface is full of vapour, cooling temporarily pauses. In order for the process to be repeated, the adsorbent has to be dried.
  
4. Condensation
By heating the adsorbent is dried and all vapour is released from its surface. The vapour condenses and flows back into the evaporator, which completes the cycle.
  
Seeing Is Believing
Helping health workers preserve lifesaving medicines by providing electricity independent refrigerators.
Watch our founder and CEO Julia Römer explain our mission for the Cartier Women’s Initiative Awards 2018.
Meet the team
  
 SHARE Get social. Share the good news. 
      
 Support Coolar on its journey! 
Contact us! 
Quick MenuContact
Supporters
Jobs
 
About UsHome
Our Team
News
Our ProductIntro
Features
How it works
Coolar Wolfener Str. 32-34, Haus C
12681 Berlin, Germany
E: hello@coolar.co
© 2023 COOLAR. All Rights Reserved.  Impressum | Datenschutzerklärung  
        
Home
News
Contact
Team
Supporters
Help us change the future 
 
Unsere Webseite nutzt Cookies. Wenn Sie auf dieser Webseite bleiben, nehmen wir an, dass Sie damit einverstanden sind. Sie können unsere Cookies löschen. Wie das geht, erfahren Sie in unserer Datenschutzerklärung. | We use cookies. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you agree with it. You can delete our cookies. How this works, is explained in our privacy policy. OK