Homepage - credX AG
 
HomepageTarget groupsAdvantagesCustomersTransactionsOur offerServicesContact UsTeamCareerNewsContact UsEnglishDeutsch
Financing-as-a-Service
More efficient B2B financing
Watch product video
Get to know platformFinancing requestLender profileWe connect capital borrowers and capital providers
Capital borrowersDeal advisorCapital providersCapital borrowersExperienced real estate asset managers and developers
with ongoing financing needs (two transactions p.a., often much more)
professional acquisition and financing processes
substantial financing needs per individual transaction
Companies with good credit quality or even capital market capability if applicable
We serve as your extended workbench for financing tenders
learn more ⏭Comprehensive, up-to-date market information for structuring and project budgeting
Market-wide tenders in all common instruments
Quick answers from the capital providers without negative surprises in the further process
Significant reduction of capital costs through demonstrably more favorable financing, taking into account all relevant value drivers
Internal resources are relieved from administrative tasks
Covering peak loads
Full control over the process, all essential pieces of information are available on the platform at any time
Only performance-based transaction fees are incurred when using the platform. Cost advantages from economies of scale and digitization are taken into account. Fees are regulated by the price list and agreed transparently when an individual transaction is commissioned.
Comprehensive, up-to-date market information for structuring and project budgeting
Market-wide tenders
Quick answers from the capital providers without negative surprises in the further process
Significant reduction of capital costs through demonstrably more favorable financing, taking into account all relevant value drivers
Internal resources are relieved from administrative tasks
Covering peak loads
Full control over the process, all essential pieces of information are available on the platform at any time
Only performance-based transaction fees are incurred when using the platform. Cost advantages from economies of scale and digitization are taken into account. Fees are regulated by the price list and agreed transparently when an individual transaction is commissioned.
Show MoreShow LessDeal advisorDeal advisors
with trust-based client relationships, which have usually developed over many years.
who intensively support their clients in the planning and implementation of their projects, for example, in the commercial analysis and budgeting of the project, sales and leasing options, price negotiations, etc.
Your customer portal and extended capital provider network
learn more ⏭Adding value for your clients through
Advanced and easier access to market information and capital providers
Digital user experience: high transparency and information security for you and your clients throughout the transaction process
Possible to present yourself with your own branding and client protection agreements
Optimization of your resources through
Relief from administrative activities
Best practice processes, which are digitalized and aligned with lenders
As a securities broker, we legally handle the intermediation (regulated by the German supervision BaFin acc. to WpIG). You are relieved from KYC tasks and can also raise capital for your client through us in the form of securities (e.g bonds).
Adding value to your clients by
expanded and easier access to information and lenders
digital user experience: high transparency and information security for you and your clients over the entire transaction
Possible appearance with own branding and customer protection agreements
Optimization of your resources:
Relieving the burden of administrative tasks
Best practice processes, which are digitalized and aligned with lenders
Capital providersLarge and mortgage banks.
Savings banks and cooperative banks, especially institutions with the larger lending facilities or special expertise in real estate financing.
Alternative lenders such as insurance companies, other pension providers, and credit funds, as well as family offices (no private investors and semi-professional investors).
Private banks and foreign banks, which are active in real estate financing.
Locally active capital providers.
Support for your origination and credit review
.
learn more ⏭Instantly more profitable business without additional resources:
Receive inquiries with perfect-fit and high probability of closing
Structured transaction process and quality-assured information (low processing effort, few failed attempts)
Market information supports business management
Digitization of credit processes without own IT development effort
The use of the platform for capital providers is free of charge. As a rule, capital borrowers bear our purely success-based fees, which take into account cost advantages from economies of scale and digitization.
Instantly more profitable business without additional resources:
Receive accurate queries with high probability of completion
Structured transaction process and quality-assured information (low processing effort, few failed attempts)
 Market information supports business management
Digitizing credit processes without in-house IT development efforts
The use of the platform  for capital providers is free of charge. As a rule, borrowers bear our purely success-based fees, which take into account cost advantages from economies of scale and digitization.
EfficientWe have harnessed the platform economy for B2B-financings:
digital processes,
scale and network effects.
EfficientWe have harnessed the platform economy for B2B-financings:
digital processes,
scale and network effects.
TransparentAll important information available on one platform 24/7.
Consistent, well-documented rules for all stakeholders.
TransparentAll important information available on one platform 24/7.
Consistent, well-documented rules for all stakeholders.
Low-pricedFair, success-dependend transaction fees.
Low-pricedFair, success-dependend transaction fees.
QualityWe only place promising inquiries
specifically to suitable capital providers
- with only the necessary information:
comprehensive, precise, and decision oriented.
Quality We only place promising inquiries
specifically to suitable capital providers
– with only the necessary information:
comprehensive, precise, and decision oriented.
Top tier companies are already using us
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
With credX as an extended workbench, I can ensure that we address all relevant financing partners – efficiently for all parties involved.
Gereon DrewingHead of Financing & Controlling BAUWENS Development GmbH & Co. KG 
The structured tendering process on the platform and the competence of the team convinced us.
Dr. Steven EnglerManaging DirectorE-Gruppe 
credX matches the high requirements we demand from a platform: very good network, stringent processes, customer oriented and reliable, all at reasonable costs.
Jens PabelickGeneral Representative & Managing Director FinancingPANDION AG 
Thanks to the credX financing platform, we were able to secure an advantageous interest rate early on in a volatile market environment.
Thorsten BeckmannManaging Director / Head of Fund ManagementHEICO Investment Management GmbH 
The entire tender process up to closing is organized very transparently and efficiently by credX on its online platform.
This makes it easier for us to find optimal financing and to prove to the investment management companies that the pricing is in line with the market.
Guido Küther | Jörg ReitzManaging Director | Head of FinanceHabona Invest GmbH   
As an asset manager, we are committed to efficiency. With credX’s support, we get the best possible financing solution while using our own resources in a targeted manner.
Markus KeßlerManaging DirectorGARBE Institutional Capital 
Due to the digital platform working with credX is very transparent and efficient. We see great potential for future tenders and will use and recommend the platform further.
Ewald SchwengerCFO / Managing Partneri Live Group 
Having conducted already several transactions with credX, we acknowledge that we can impove our financing process by using the know how of credX and its digital infrastructure.
Christian HolzBoard of DirectorsAIF Kapitalverwaltungs-AG 
We have already succesfully used the credX platform several times. The decisive factors for us are the high level of expertise, credX’s very good standing with the banks and the structured, transparent approach.
Philipp SchnabelHead of Financing / Member of the Executive BoardGARBE Industrial Real Estate GmbH 
With credX we were able to close an optimal financing for our new production facility. The market access and support from the team and platform contributed a lot to our finance department being able to efficiently execute a complex financing alongside the day-to-day business.
Christoph SchrammManaging DirectorFranco Fresco GmbH 
Choose from a wide range of financings
Asset classesreal estate financings,
all asset/risk classes including land banking,
selectively infrastructure
and corporate financings.
FinancingsProject and inventory financings
including acquisition, subdivision, developer,
and bridge financings.
Capital structuresenior
mezzanine
whole Loan.
RegionsGermany
Austria
selectively also other European countries.
Instrumentssecured loan
unsecured loan
syndicated loan
further instruments representable via partners
Volumefrom ~€5 million senior
or from ~€2 million mezzanine.
For borrowers who raise capital more frequently, also smaller individual transactions.
We give our best for your success
Our TechnologyOur TeamOur ProcessesOur TechnologyDigital platform with practical modules
Data room and document management
Selection of capital providers and order management
Status reports and quotations
Task management and communication module
Additional modules for underwriting processes
Electronic Order Book
Allocations
Core functions
Instant stand alone web solution
Intuitive operation, easy to learn on the fly
‘Golden’ data source for all stakeholders with always consistent, quality-assured data and documents
Digital cockpit with all essential information about the transaction
Outsourcing processes to our platform is possible, but not required
Audit-proof (Audit trail)
Security
Hosted by AWS on German servers in a highly secure, certified environment
Technical administration by valantic
Our TeamExperienced transaction support teams 
Relationship management with many years of transaction experience at leading banking institutions
Specialist team and lender support with relevant banking and treasury experience
Available via the platform, e-mail, webco and phone
Comprehensive personal support
Operating the platform
Information on current market events (conditions, possible structures, market participants)
Preparation of information (Financing Memorandum, data room, Q&A)
answering emerging questions
Preparation and explanation of offers and contracts
Participate in negotiations if desired.
Optional: support for obtaining information and documents and creating documents for the data room
Deniz BesirRelationship ManagerChristian SommerInvestor Relations Managerlearn moreDaniela CremerAnalysis and SupportPaul ZelderHead of Originationlearn moreOur ProcessesTwo Basic Processes, Many Financing Options
Tendering process from structuring to payment
Issuing process
Broad range across the capital structure
A unified set of rules
Transparent, fair rules that apply to all parties
General and special terms and conditions; price list
Quality-assured, standardized presentation of the financing project and offers
German and English as platform language
Description of services
Gain first insights by our product video:
Video
For registered users, there are detailed tutorials available
This is how we support your entire financing process
Tendering process
PreparationIndicationTermsheetCommitmentPayoutPreparationIndicationTermsheetCommitmentPayoutStructuring,
Pre-inquiry (optional),
Prepare financing request
Obtain indications
Collect term sheet
Get credit approval
Reconcile documentation and fulfill disbursement
conditions
Show detailed statement of workThis is how we support your entire financing process
Tendering process
PreparationIndicationTermsheetApprovalDisbursementPreparationStructuring, Pre-inquiry (optional)
 
This is what we do for you
Preliminary review
Discuss project taking into account current market situation
Survey status of project, experience and reputation sponsor,
Select instrument and appropriate lender groups
Set realistic transaction objectives
Selection of lenders from lenders’ database based on transaction data
Reconciliation of pre-request (1-2 pages) and list of capital providers
Binding agreement of the success-based fee according to the price list
This is what we need from the borrower
Short introductory WebCo.
Present your project and its status (have capital providers already been approached, where does the acquisition process stand)
Discuss transaction objectives (LTV/LTC, terms…)
… and that from the lenders
Capital providers are usually not yet involved in the structuring/preparation phase
if necessary, provide feedback on preliminary inquiry whether you are interested in the transaction (platform, mail or telephone) and pre-indication
if necessary short phone call / correspondence with credX to clarify your expectations
Prepare financing request
 
This is what we do for you
Determine structure and benchmarks of transaction, taking into account the current market situation and, if necessary, results of preliminary inquiry
Request and review key documentation on the project, transaction participants, solvency of borrower, sponsor and guarantor, if applicable, track record
Discussion of ambiguities and open points
Creation and reconciliation of Financing Memorandum (data set, presented in HTML and PDF)
If not already done at pre-inquiry
Reconciliation of capital provider list
Binding agreement of the success-based fee according to the price list
This is what we need from the borrower
Provide documents to credX (selecting documents from the acquisition/planning process)
Respond to queries from credX
Release pre-inquiry and capital provider list, place brokerage order
usually short phone call/WebCo for joint evaluation
IndicationObtain indications
 
This is what we do for you
Distribute Financing Memorandum via platform, accompanied by telephone briefing of lenders by credX and possibly also (for individual ‘house banks’) by the borrower
If necessary, contact potential capital providers who are not yet onboarded (not disclosing the concrete individual transaction) and agree on confidentiality if interested
Daily status report
Respond to queries
Evaluate returns in detail in the offer overview, usually combined with queries to the lenders in order to clear up ambiguities and to be able to compare the offers
If necessary, deliver proposals for the formation of suitable consortia
Determine further course of transaction with the borrower
Select lenders for term sheet phase (usually 2-3)
Information to lenders about the outcome of the indication phase and, if applicable, further procedure
This is what we need from the borrower
If applicable, deliver brief info to house banks that credX is coordinating the process
Track transaction based on status report on platform
Sometimes answer queries from credX (most was already cleared in the course of editing of Financing Memorandum)
In exceptional cases, contact investor directly to provide first-hand information
Pass on indications, if any, that were obtained bilaterally
In general, WebCo based on the bid overview
… and that from the lenders
Download memo
if necessary, brief phone call/correspondence with credX to clarify questions
if necessary, ask questions (phone, mail or platform)
within 7 – 14 days give indication or negative reply
TermsheetCollect term sheet
 
This is what we do for you
Coordinate documents to be delivered to lenders (based on credX standard requirements, lenders may have additional requirements)
Coordinate data delivery and quality assure documents
Discuss queries and responses
Evaluate term sheets in detail according to uniform criteria, clarify ambiguities with lenders
Support capital recipients in evaluating term sheets and identifying requests for changes
Prepare negotiation (usually 1-2 WebCos), if desired also closely accompany negotiation with lenders
Follow-up on results and their implementation in term sheet
Communicate decision to all capital providers who had submitted a termsheet
This is what we need from the borrower
Review and comment on consolidated requirements list agreed with KGs
Deliver documents according to requirements list
Answer queries or coordinate responses with credX
Submit term sheets, if any, obtained bilaterally
Discuss term sheets, prepare and conduct negotiations
Review and sign
… and that from the lenders
Review and complete credX document request or submit your own request for reconciliation
Download documents
Submit queries
Submit term sheet (in capital provider’s own format)
Submit explanations upon request credX, if applicable.
Lead negotiation (usually a WebCo with the borrower)
ApprovalGet credit approval
 
This is what we do for you
coordinate data request and schedule for loan resolution and disbursement with both parties (and syndicates, if applicable) and post to the platform’s document management system
Coordinate delivery to the data room and quality assure documents
In addition, if desired: credX can upload documents to the data room (e.g. from an existing data room)
On request additionally: Check provided documents in more detail, support in preparation
Coordinate queries and responses (Q&A)
On request additionally: discuss queries with both parties, support in the preparation of responses
This is what we need from the borrower
Amend and approve credX’s proposals
Submit documents according to list of requirements (can be commissioned for a flat fee)
Respond to queries
… and that from the lenders
Review and comment on credX’s proposals, make additional requirements
alternatively provide own overall data requirement (e.g. in term sheet)
Download and evaluate documents
Submit queries
DisbursementReconcile documentation and fulfill disbursement conditions
 
This is what we do for you
Screen draft contracts
Notice of unusual or critical issues (no liability; credX also does not provide legal advice)
Signing of contract on the platform (optional)
Create consolidated CP list with required documents, deadlines, explanation if applicable and distribution responsibilities
Consolidate KYC requirements and match with documents already obtained by credX
Request additional documents (list of requirements) or obtain them by ourselves (e.g. transparency register and excerpts of commercial register)
Coordinate and answer queries
Coordinate fulfilment of CPs
In addition, if requested: review provided documents in more detail, support in obtaining documents
This is what we need from the borrower
Review contracts and indicate changes
Sign/close contracts
Post information according to requirement list
Identify acting persons (e.g. via PostIdent)
Answer queries
Deliver documents according to CP list
Inform credX that disbursement has been made
…and that from the lenders
Send contracts (bilateral loan agreements)
Sign/close contracts
Review CP list for completeness
Match KYC requirements with credX’s designated KYC package
Receive CPs successively, comment if necessary or confirm fulfillment
Disburse (directly to borrower) and inform credX that disbursement has been made
Request platform demonstrationYou can view more information in the desktop view
How can I use credX Financing-as-a-Service?
Contact us
Please call back
Arrange web conference
Select an option
I'm interested in: *
Discuss concrete financing project without obligation, get market information and feedback on realization possibilities
Presentation of credX platform and processes
Clarify access requirements
Discuss your investor profile
Apply for registration
other (please briefly describe your request in the text field "Your request")
Select an option
Name *
Fill out this field
Company *
Fill out this field
Role
Fill out this field
Email *
Please enter a valid email address.
Phone number *
Fill out this field
Your request
Fill out this field
Privacy Policy *
The data sent will only be processed for the purpose of handling your request. You can find more information in our privacy policy.
You need to agree with the terms to proceed
Submit
* mandatory
Privacy policy
© 2022 www.credxmarkets.com – All rights reserved.
Data privacy informationLegal Notice
 Menu
WordPress Cookie Plugin by Real Cookie Banner