  
Cytolytics – make every cell count
 
 
Cytolytics
make every cell count 
Home
Blog
Press&Socials
Join us
 
YOU HAVE A VISION-WE HAVE A WAY TO GET YOU THERE. 
Revolutionize your flow cytometry research with Cytolution, our automated software that seamlessly combines technology with life sciences. Our software takes the workload off researchers and scientists by providing automated data analysis while maintaining data sovereignty. With Cytolution, you’ll have intuitive workflow guidance and unparalleled data insights to fuel your research. 
					Automated Analysis				
Simplify your flow cytometry research with Cytolution. Our advanced algorithms analyze data quickly and efficiently, providing fast and reliable results in just a few minutes. 
					Data Insights				
Our advanced algorithms analyze every single cell, providing you with the most comprehensive and accurate results. With Cytolution, you can make data-driven decisions with confidence. 
					Fuel your research				
Lead the charge in high-dimensional data analysis. Our innovative software provides you with cutting-edge technology so you are empowered to fuel your research and stay ahead of the curve with Cytolution. 
					No Coding Needed				
Our user-friendly software guides you intuitively through your workflow, making it easy for you to analyze large data sets and make data-driven decisions. 
User Voices 
See what our users have to say about Cytolution 
					" We are experiencing a whole new data analysis depth"				
Cytolution User 
					"An effective and intuitive solution for flow cytometry analysis!"​​				
Cytolution User 
					"Cytolution offers a great user interface and experience"				
Cytolution User 
 Days Hours Minutes Seconds 
Live Online Webinar: Introduction to Cytolution 
March 16th, 10 AM UTC+01:00 (Europe/Berlin) 
Register here 
 
start your journey towards revolutionary 
flow cytometry analysis today. 
Get your free trial now!  
We are happy to offer your a 14-day free trial with access to all the Cytolution features. Send us your request and we will contact you.  
 
 
 First Name
 
 Last Name
 
 Institute Name
 
 E-Mail-Adress
 
 
Introduction to modern flow cytometry analysis 
Make your institute our next stop! 
simply send a mail to demo@cytolytics.de and the following steps will be: 
 
						Get in Touch					
						Preliminary meeting about the specific needs of you, your colleagues and institute.
					
 
 
 
						Cross Research Group Invitation					
 
						Webinar + Q&A					
						~ 45 minutes in-depth introduction with detailed Q&A session afterwards. 					
Our Support 
Our support team is here to support you via mail, monthly webinars and video resources. 
					Support Mail				
Send us your mail to support@cytolytics.de  
					Video Ressources				
Get unlimited access to our Cytolytics introductionary video material. 
					Monthly Webinars				
Participate in our monthly webinars and watch our live demos. 
Our Supporters 
Cytolytics has an excellent network of various supporters consisting of clinics, research institutes and incubators. You can find a selection below. 
Contact Us 
We are looking forward to hearing from you!Contact us, and we will get back to you as soon as possible. 
					Phone				
‭+49 176 24271245‬ 
					Mail				
info@cytolytics.de  
					Location				
Karlstraße 372072 TuebingenGermany 
Follow us on our social networks 
Linkedin
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
 
Spotify
 
Join other Flow Cytometry Experts as Subscribers to our Newsletter! 
Get the latest news about Cytolytics‘ upcoming features, special offers and development. 
Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
E-Mail-Adress
 
Wenn du ein Mensch bist, lasse das Feld leer:  
 
Linkedin
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
 
Spotify
 
Explore 
Home
Press
Blog
Legal
Address 
 
Karlstraße 3, 72072 Tuebingen
 
‭+49 176 24271245‬ 
 
info@cytolytics.de
 
 
 
 
© 2023 Cytolytics. All rights reserved. 
 
                Shopping Basket            
   
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok