Debitos : Debitos
Toggle navigation
+49-69-43-00-826-00
market.debitos.com:
Register now
or
login here
Selling
Buying
Servicing
Additional services
About Debitos
Security
News
Help
EN
DE
ES
IT
GR
 
Europe's #1 loan transaction platform 
							> € 21 Bn. 
							Loans successfully 
transacted 
							> 900 k 
							Investor capital 
							16
Countries where 
Debitos is active in 
							> 1900 
							Number of 
registered investors 
							 
Servicing 
navigator 
							White
Label
Technology 
							Creditor
Coordination 
							AI and 
Data analytics 
							Banks &
3rd Parties 
							Data 
converter 
							Loan
Transaction
platform
 
Loan transaction platform 
							Debitos is the number one loan transaction platform in Europe that enables banks, funds and companies to sell their credit exposures on the market through its open and transparent auction-based online transaction platform. 
The architecture of the platform follows the EU recommendation on a best execution sales process and provides sellers with all necessary tools. The platform leverages on the digitalization of the entire sale process and can reduce the expected disposal timing to 3-8 weeks compared to 3-6 months of the traditional process. 
Debitos was founded in Frankfurt in 2010 and has since successfully transacted more than 800,000 loans in 16 countries. By now, more than 1,700 investors from all over Europe have registered with Debitos. 
							Subheadline 
							
Infos for selling 
							Infos for buying 
							 
Servicing navigator 
							Banks and investors regularly outsource activities such as problematic credits management to external servicers, that are specialized in specific countries, asset classes, ticket sizes, volumes and posses specific licenses. 
Debitos has more than 400 servicers from 16 different countries registered on its marketplace and leads with its product Servicing Navigator through the landscape and variety of European servicers to provide the best possible business partner to banks and investors.
Subheadline 
							
About Servicing Navigator 
							 
White Label Technology 
							Debitos provides its best-of-class loan transaction platform as a White Label solution connected to the Debitos marketplace and its unique registered investors database. Equipped with enhanced backend-control financial institutions can execute transaction fully autonomously with their well-experienced team. 
Through the connection to the marketplace several benefits can be enjoyed, like:
 Access to the growing investors community
 Receival of marketplace updates with new functionalities
 Well-established and accepted trading standards (T&Cs, NDAs, SPAs)
 Privileged access to business intelligence from the marketplace
The solution comes with a customizable back-end solution to monitor the full sales funnel at a glance and Single Sign-ON/SAML integration to centralize organization access. 
							Subheadline 
							
About White Label Technology 
							 
Creditor coordination 
							Multi-creditor loans are one of the most difficult NPL types to be resolved by financial operators. The existence of multiple creditors and their poor coordination lead to uncertainty about rights to debtor’s assets and cash flows (with longer resolution times, difficulties and costs related to cooperating with other concurrent creditors), lower investor participation in the sale processes of this kind of assets and a larger negative impact on asset values. 
Debitos’ new product Creditor Coordination will help creditors and investors to gain the maximum of their investments through coordinated sales activities. 
							Subheadline 
							
About Creditor Coordination 
							 
AI and data analytics 
							Coming soon ... 
							Subheadline 
							
Click Here 
							 
Banks & 3rd Parties 
							Debitos provides ready-to-use APIs with leading software providers in the debt management software industry, as well as single sign-on functionalities and batch processing. This integration for professional debt managers improves the service level by reducing the time and effort to access Debitos, create listings, upload loan data tapes and documentation in a structured way to Debitos’ data room and monitor listings and bids. 
Ultimately, this will lead to  an end-to-end solution that generates the highest outcome with the best-in-class automatization grade. 
							Subheadline 
							
About Banks & 3rd Parties 
							 
Data converter 
							Coming soon ... 
							Subheadline 
							
Click Here 
							 
News
 April 27, 2023 Posted in: Events, NewsSmithNovak’s NPL Europe 2023: key takeaways from London conference
 - SmithNovak hosted market participants over two days at its annual European non-performing loan (NPL) conference to discuss the state of… Read More
 
 April 17, 2023 Posted in: NewsDebitos launches Data Converter and Portfolio Analytics services in support of the EBA’s standardization process
 - The Portfolio Analytics service integrates automated independent e-valuation reports into the Debitos marketplace Interactive descriptive analytics reports , support improved… Read More
 March 30, 2023 Posted in: NewsEuropean NPL outlook: Germany and UK
 - European bank share prices whipsawed in mid-March, as instability fears within global financial markets reignited. Credit Suisse’s stock price plunged… Read More
Sitemap
Home
Selling
Buying
Servicing
Additional services
About Debitos
Security
News
HELP
 
"market.debitos.com": Not registered yet?
Register now
or
login here
Visit us on
Terms and Conditions
Data protection
FAQ
Imprint & Contact
RSS
 
                                                        © 2023  Debitos                                                        
Back to top