DŌNGXii | Digital Pioneers for China
 
NEW! COURSES
References
Media
Services
Contact
 
The China Opportunity 
Founded in 2016, the DŌNGXii team is now considered to be leading Experts for Digital China. We focus on cutting edge research on the ground, diving into all China-related digital future trends.  
 
DŌNGXii Network Signup
 
DŌNGXii Online Courses
“Our mission is to enable you and your business to deal with the most exciting opportunities and challenges evolving from China.”
 
Marcel Münch
Co-Founder
We are known from ... 
Media 
Our content is a trusted source for executives, investors, policymakers, journalists and more.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clients 
 
references2"Best presentation on China insights I have ever seen!"Johannes Schüler
Head of Global Marketing for Bang & Olufsen Automotive
Johannes Schüler
Head of Global Marketing for Bang & Olufsen Automotive
Johannes Schüler
Head of Global Marketing for Bang & Olufsen Automotive
 
 
DŌNGXii Vlog 
Curated Content 
In our Vlog, we report about China, trends, e-commerce, e-health, smart cities, new retail and e-mobility. Become a follower today.If you enjoy our content, we invite you to become a DŌNGXii supporter on patreon!  
Go to Patreon
Become an Expert 
The DŌNGXii Network 
Learn how to innovate with China by learning about the latest trends, business models, digital innovations and strategy analysis that we compile and share. 
 
Shape-eyeCreated with Sketch. 
						Discover & Observe					
Watch our frequent videos and articles about hands on innovation from various industries in China. Based on in-depth and continuous analysis, we deliver inspiring insights on recent trends and topics and put them into context. 
shape-chartCreated with Sketch. 
						Learn & Take in					
						Starting from the basics, the DŌNGXii online courses guide you through all relevant topics to set-up your business in China. Learn tools and hands-on skills for setting up a successful e-commerce and marketing strategy for China. 					
shape-rocketCreated with Sketch. 
						Apply					
						Book a workshop to create your individual China strategy. Whether you want to learn from China, bring your service or product to China or plan to create a new service for the Chinese market – our formats offer a wide spectrum of applied innovation strategies to support your design process. 					
Sign-up now
Work with us 
DŌNGXii Services 
We offer a full range of strategic consulting and especially designed services that support your China vision. As our client, you’ll be in touch with our experienced project management and leadership team, with updates provided and questions answered at every phase of the project. Get access to a unique network of China-experts of all industries.  
 
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Strategy Consulting					
						Based on Design Thinking and Agile product development, we advise and support international companies in their China activities by providing specialised knowledge and hands-on support in their market entry strategy including competitor analysis, business modelling, business case, marketing plans, user-research and implementation. 					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Digital China Deep-dive 
						Learn all about digital trends in your industry coming from China. We provide unique insights into future technology and business trends of tomorrow by showcasing macro trends (Megatrends) in the market and specific benchmarks that apply to your business field. 					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Market Exploration 
						Immerse yourself and your team in the China tech-environment. We design unique market explorations that are led by specialists for business design and trend analysis. 					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Keynotes 
						Based on our experience in the Chinese market we are specialists on topics such as e-commerce, e-mobility, smart cities, social media, new retail and e-health. We are frequently booked for inspiring talks at companies, institutions and conferences. 					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Trend Radar 
						In the DŌNGXii network we frequently provide content about tech and business-innovations that we observe in China. Book the trend-radar that is relevant to your industry. 					
Contact us
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
DŌNGXii Network 
						The DŌNGXii Network is a unique pool of experienced China-experts. A membership will to gain access to exclusive knowledge and important stakeholders. 					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Exclusive Circles 
						Become part of an exclusive circle of experts for specific topics, such as e-mobility or e-health.					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Digital China Meetup 
						The digital China Meetup is an offline event format where the community meets in varying locations all over Germany to discuss recent topics revolving around digital China. 					
 
Contact us
 
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
DeCoding Innovation (Sprint) 
						De/Code Innovation is a fresh format, designed to enable you to think out of the box . 
It helps you to find answers to your innovation challenges by applying cross inspiration from outside of your “home galaxy”. 
Our process produces results that have a high rate of newness, differentiation and innovation.   
					
Rectangle 5 Copy 5Created with Sketch. 
Online Courses 
						Starting from the basics, the DŌNGXii online courses guide you through all relevant topics to set-up your business in China. Learn tools and hands-on skills for setting up a successful e-commerce and marketing strategy for China. We also design specific online courses for your team. 					
Meet us here.. 
Events 
We are regularly speaking on China-related events in Europe and China. Find the most relevant China conferences and meetups in the event calender below.   
Partners & Supporters 
				DONGXii ist Teil der nationalen Digital Hub Initiative mit Fokus auf digitale Chemie & Gesundheit.
				
				DONGXii wins Deutschland Land der Ideen Prize 2017
				
				Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Energie supports DONGXii
				
				DONGXii wins EXIST funding
				
Contact us 
Please leave us a message or book an appointment: 
Linkedin
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Office AddressThings move China GmbHC/O TechcodeKarl-Liebknechtstr. 510178 Berlinemail: [email protected]phone: 0049 (0) 30 233 655 47 
Please choose a slot in our calendar and leave your phone number, so we can call you back.  
Please call me back
Imprint 
Terms of Service 
Um unsere Webseite für Sie optimal zu gestalten und fortlaufend verbessern zu können, verwenden wir Cookies.
Durch die weitere Nutzung der Webseite stimmen Sie der Verwendung von Cookies zu. Weitere Informationen zu Cookies erhalten Sie in unserer Datenschutzerklärung.
OK Datenschutzerklärung
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
								Non-necessary							
Non-necessary
									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								
SAVE & ACCEPT