drillstars - Football Assistant Coach
Skip to content
 
Toggle mobile menu
Home
Players
Blog
Contact
 
 
Digital Assistant Coach 
We help you improve your football/soccer team 
 
 
 
 
How drillstars works? 
 
 
						Team Management					
						Invite players and share calendar. Players create their profiles					
 
						Workout Plans					
						Drills for team and individual workouts.Players receive instant feedback					
 
						Reports and Stats					
						Reports about your team's performance.Set goals and measure achievements					
Team Management 
 Team Calendar 
☆ Matches, Team Practice and Individual Workouts☆ Customizable training days and elements☆ Share the calendar with your players (automatic synchronization when you as coach make changes) 
 
Team Exercises 
☆ Define exercises with picture, video and animation for team training☆ Share exercises with your assistant-coaches☆ Add exercises to your training plan and reuse your exercises and access the drillstars exercise pool 
 
 
Individual Drills 
☆ Define drills with picture, video and animation for individual workouts
☆ Share drills with your players
☆ Keep track of players’ performance and receive feedback on execution and intensity for workout sessions 
 
 
Training Plans 
Team Practice 
☆ Training Plan with focus, such as pressing, scoring, passing or transition
☆ Participation lists – See all players’ opt ins/ outs for next team practice to be able to plan easier. 
Individual Player Workouts 
☆ Outsource certain training elements in a smart way☆ Endurance, Fitness, Ball Technique, Speed, Kinetics☆ drillstars AI counts and analyzes 
 
 
More infos
Endurance Runs with AI Verification 
1. Coach 
 
☆ Selects a day in the calendar and decides on an endurance session outside of the actual weekly team practices on the pitch. ☆ Chooses from time, distance or pace endurance runs and decide on the targets to achieve. 
 2. Players 
 
 ☆ Can see the endurance run with their coach’s targets on drillstars.☆ Use their familiar, own running apps for endurance tracking. ☆ Then upload the running activity to drillstars. 
 3. drillstars 
 
☆ AI automatically extracts the information of the running activity screenshot. 
 4. Coach 
 
 ☆ Receives an overview of the running activity per player.☆ Receives an overview of the overall team running activity, including leaderboard and further stats. 
 
Ball Technique 
Player Workouts 
with 
Dribbling Drills 
☆ Your players set up their phone/pad anywhere and can start their workouts☆ Players can work on their ball technique and cognitive skills ☆ Players can challenge each other and add their scores to leaderboards☆ Give your players a fun and structured way for their individual workouts and see results quickly  
What Coaches say 
 
With drillstars, I can now manage our training sessions easier than ever before.  We can create exercises together in the coaching team for team and individual training and quickly add them to the training plan. With the animations and videos, exercises are described in a structured way and conveyed quickly.
 
Harald Sättler
Coach - FC Bayern München U17
Managing team calendar with trainings and matches is so easy now. Players just update their availabilities. drillstars suggests new exercises to me, which motivates both my players and myself.Organizing practice days on the pitch or off the pitch is super easy now with drillstars.
 
Semir Babajić
Coach - TSV Solln U12
Available now 
 
 
© drillstars 2021 Imprint | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions 
Proudly powered by WordPress
 | 
			Theme: Airi by aThemes.			
GDPR Cookie Consent with Real Cookie Banner