Home - EcoG
Jump to main content
Open menu
Products
Branch Solutions
Manufacturers
Operators
Integrators
Careers
About us
Our team
Our history
News
Contact us
 
EV charging solutions that grow your business
Unlock the untapped business potential of electric vehicle charging with EcoG.
Flexibility to build and integrate electric vehicle chargers into your everyday business so that you can offer new services and apps that generate revenue and grow your business.
Explore our solutions
EcoG Starter Kit
Get ready to embark on your EV charging journey. The EcoG Starter Kit is a hassle-free solution for the development of EV charging stations in just 6 months.
The Starter Kit offers the required environment including the hardware to develop and test customer-specific buildup of their future charging station. Our software component EcoG OS is the easy-to-use operating system with an open API platform to ensure the interoperability of the charging station.
Learn more
 
EcoG – The core of EV charging
EcoG – integrated hardware and software solutions for EV charging.
Develop apps and software that generate recurring revenue for your business using the EcoG OS platform and OpenAPIs. From loyalty programs to reservations and smooth payments, the possibilities are endless.
Our modular technology means it is possible to develop professional and interoperable chargers with a short lead time for a growing EV market.
Contact us
 
Branch Solutions
 
Manufacturers
Discover the interoperable EV charging solutions that allow for successful development of charging stations and shorten your time to market by 50%.
Integrators
Power up your business by implementing bundled EV charging services that attract new customers, improve convenience and generate revenue.
Operators
Maximize the revenue potential of each charging point and ensure accessibility through EcoG’s software platform – all with an easy-to-use and personalized interface. Even for small networks.
 
News
See all newsNews  25.04.2023EcoG represents German Start-Ups in the USRead moreNews  03.04.2023EcoG commits to strategic university partnership to support the next generation of professionals in eMobilityRead moreBlog  17.03.20235 biggest challenges to EV charging infrastructure in 2023 – and how EcoG aims to tackle themRead more
EcoG Community
Trusted by leading ecosystem partners such as UUGP, Sinexel or Infineon, EcoG powers over 10% of all newly sold DC chargers in Europe in 2021.
 
EcoG partners
Backed by investors
 
“The experts of the German startup EcoG are the driving members of our CharIn association. We are proud of our long-lasting and very productive cooperation with them.”— Claas Bracklo, Chairman of CharIN e.V.“EcoG is one of our key partners in the field of eMobility and DC charging and both we and our customers are very satisfied with the outcomes of our long-lasting cooperation.”— Kevin Hong, Sales Director, UUGP“Electric mobility is one of the solutions that will help meet the growing demand for transport in a lower-carbon world. Therefore, I’m especially excited to see how EcoG’s pilot takes shape. I am convinced their technology could play an important role in shaping the ‘retail station of the future.”— Hilmar Van Den Dool, General Manager Shell Retail Benelux & France“Huawei Digital Power welcomes the opportunity to cooperate with EcoG, an industry-leading ecosystem partner, to jointly ensure the reliability of the charging infrastructure and build greener and more efficient charging networks.”— Ignacio Diaz, E-Mobility Business Director,  Huawei Digital Power Western Europe Digital Power “I really believe it will help drive mass adoption of EVs!”— Wayne Snyder, NEXTENERGY“Objective of our intense cooperation with EcoG is the delivery of a high-quality and reliable solution for the seamless user experience at the DC charging station.”— Christopher Lu, Sales Director, Europe, Infy Power“I’ve been really impressed with EcoG, I think that what I like about them the most is that they are going after this huge opportunity which is building a platform around EV charging.”— George Burgess, Former Inmotion Ventures, powered by Jaguar Land Rover“The United States and Germany are continuing to lead on efforts to support transformational technologies that help reduce emissions, adapt to climate change and build the industries and infrastructures of the future.  Innovators like EcoG are a great example of both cutting edge technology as well as the multifaceted benefits of a transition to a clean-energy economy.  As winners of the Germany-wide SelectUSA pitch competition, EcoG is leading the charge in the development of scalable operating software for DC charging stations.”— Timothy Liston, US Consul General 
Subscribe to our newsletter
Stay up-to-date with news from EcoG, the industry, and more!
Want to know more?
Send us a message and we'll get back to you.
Contact us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Follow usEcoG on LinkedIn 
© 2023 EcoG All Rights Reserved.