Ecozy
	Skip to content
 
 
DEEN 
 
 
Shop
 
How it works
App
Support
Blog
Shop
 
hamburgerCreated with Sketch. Menu
How it works
App
Support
Blog
Shop
 
 
Intelligent by design. Convenient by saving. 
Start saving 30% on heating costs now! 
Meet eCozy Smart Thermostat
 
 
 
Temperature controlCheck heating anytime, anywhere with the eCozy app. Also can conveniently view directly on the colorful display of your eCozy thermostat! 
SaveLower your heating costs with eCozy up to 30 % and start saving money and the environment! 
 
Сomfort 
Automate the temperature of your home with individual heating plans from within the eCozy app. 
App
Super easy installation and usage 
 The installation of your eCozy thermostat takes only 90 seconds. And don’t worry, eCozy is compatible with 99 % of all water radiators! 
Installation
 
 
 
Company 
Imprint
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Shop
Products 
eCozy Thermostat
eCozy Central Unit
eCozy App
Help 
Support
Contact Us
Installation
Follow 
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Medium
eCozy GmbH 
Newsletter 
 
								E-Mail Address							
➙
Language 
DEEN 
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie Settings Accept AllManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
                                Necessary                            
 Necessary 
                                    Always Enabled                                
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
                                Analytics                            
analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
                                Functional                            
functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Save & Accept