entrecode - datamanager and appmanager - SaaS Provider
home
products
philosophy
clients
DE
EN
Software as a Service
      as a Service
We design, develop and operate your SaaS
      products.
Learn more
Backend as a Service
ec.datamanager: cloud data management with standard APIs.
Micro Services
Individual software solutions for specific use cases.
Mobile First
Today a majority of internet users is connected using a mobile device. Because of that,
          we focus on mobile devices and great
          user experience on smartphones and tablets with web technologies.
Cloud only
Dedicated data centers, self hosting and local installations are a thing from the past.
          We are a cloud software provider.
          By that, we are able to provide flexible, scalable and reliable products with maximum
          security.
Open Source technology
          We believe in the power and quality of Open Source. We base our core products on Open
          Source technology like Node.js, PostgreSQL
          and AngularJS. And we are an active contributor to various Open Source projects to give
          something back to the community.
          We believe that the overall quality of Open Source Solutions is better due to the reason
          of many personalities
          and minds working together.
        
Security and standards
          Security and privacy is the most important part of being a cloud provider. Because of
          that, we are very cautious to always
          run the latest versions of our software, to hotfix critical bugs quickly, and to respect
          the confidentiality of
          the data our customers entrusted with us. We respect and use industry standards wherever
          possible.
        
Technologies we use
Some of our customers
Career Opportunities
Interested in development of modern web applications and
      mobile apps? 
      Interested in working with Angular and TypeScript in a Startup?
Frontend Web Developer (m/f/d)
            Frontend development of web apps, development of hybrid mobile apps, planning of
            software components with our UX team. In
            Stuttgart (DE) or Home Office.
          
Job Offer pdf
Angular Working Student (m/f/d)
            Also possible as internship semester! Live the startup dream and help us developing
            modern web applications with Angular.
          
Job Offer pdf, german
Interested?
Send us a message, we'll be in touch!
Name
E-mail
Message
Send
            This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
            Privacy Policy and
            Terms of Service apply.
          
jobs
contact
about / privacy
      entrecode GmbH, Dornhaldenstr. 6, 70199 Stuttgart, info@entrecode.de
      Geschäftsführer: Simon Scherzinger
      UStID: DE297537979, Amtsgericht Stuttgart HRB 750847
    