FAMA experts reports GmbH
 Toggle navigation    
Home 
About 
TASC2020 
Services
Committee
News 
Contact 
FAMA expert reports
Traffic and accident simulation data sets
learn more
data platform
Traffic and accident scenario data platformGenerated from Traffic Accident Scenario Community (TASC)
get details
Community
Traffic Accident Scenario Community (TASC)Unique simulation and analysis database of real accident scenarios
find out
About FAMA ER
Who are we?
FAMA ER is an international provider of expert report data as well as further special information and operates a data platform based on Big Data and AI technologies. The company trades and buys proprietary data and offers related services based on semantic analyses of structured and unstructured data.
For the continuous operation of a data landscape based on up-to-date knowledge, FAMA ER invests a considerable part of its revenues in research and development. In this way, FAMA ER ensures the development of the latest and most innovative solutions.
About TASC2020
Data set Benefits
Targeting Setting
TASC 2020 was developed and created by Fraunhofer. Following the approach of the digitalization of police recorded accident including a “light reconstruction” the database will be compatible to many different countries all over the world.
TAST teaser
The main focus of TASC is vehicle and road safety as well as highly automated driving functions (ADAS and AD). With over 11.000 cases, TASC is already one of the largest database of simulatable traffic accidents. TASC is currently looking for partners and users.
Instant Support
FAMA ER is always available for advice and offer support for the acquisition of the data set via the data platform.
Our Services
Detailed Insights
01
scientific cooperation
Cooperation with the Fraunhofer is launched. FAMA ER has commissioned Fraunhofer with the goal of developing various simulative data sources in a uniform F-JSON format. FAMA ER makes these data available to different users - as well as the information obtained from the sources.
                        
02
survey methodology
In order to obtain mathematically and physically correct information for the validity of speeds, TASC has made use of various complementary, generally recognised survey methods. Every basis scenario is checked plausibility tests to provide constant quality.
03
Pre-Crash scenarios
In addition to validated speeds, the TASC data set offers an ever-increasing amount of data, which mainly describes the pre-crash behaviour of traffic accidents with personal injury. The data set is compatible to the automotive simulation standards.
statistical analyzabilityand representativeness
accident andscenario database
simulation capabilityand compatibility
harmonised and intuitive structure
academically accompanied collaborative
easyaccessibility 
About TASC Steering Committee
Who decides next steps
The Traffic Accident Scenario Community Steering Committee determines the data pool and the current and future contents. The committee is elected annually and is composed of different members.
Latest Blog
Be Aware Of News
06/2021 | browser-based dynamic analysis tool
June 2021
For TASC 2020, it is planned to provide users with a browser-based dynamic analysis tool with a distributed, multi-tenant full-text search engine based on a Big Data capable parallelizable Elasticsearch development environment. This allows all users to get a better overview in the overall dataset. A pre-filter of the necessary accident scenario data can be done quickly and easily and is clearly arranged. The development is currently being commissioned and should be available to all users before the end of 2021.
05/2021 | TASC2020 available
May 2021
The TASC 2020 dataset is available.
04/2021 | quality improvements codebook
April 2021
For the TASC 2020 dataset, extended plausibility checks for quality improvements were introduced and documented in the codebook.
Contact us
Get in touch with us
+49-34321-5719870
Leisnig, Germany
info2020@fama-er.de
imprint
privacy policy
terms
                            © 2023 FAMA expert reports GmbH
                        