Simulate thousands of questions for your job interview
Sign up
Log in
 Dashboard
                                                
 Simulate an interview
                                                
 Interview questions
                                                
 Stories
                                                
 Employers
                                                
 Job ads
                                                
 Interview Blog
                                                
Franziska F.
Senior Recruiter
                    What are your strengths and how can we, as a company, benefit from them?
                
Practice 200,000+ questions for 1,100+ jobs that you can expect in a job interview. Expert tips and examples for a great answer included.
                    Let's go
                
                                            Jobs from our partners
                                    
Shining at a job interview
Mock interview tool
Practice your job interview in a simulation comparable to the stress of a real interview.
200,000+ questions
We have collected 200,000+ questions for over 1,100 jobs that you will encounter during your job interview.
Foxtips
Get valuable tips for an individual answer, so that you convince in the job interview and finally get the job.
Get to know the product
                    Got curious?
                
Start demo simulation
What our users say
Mark O.
Regional sales manager Aldi Süd
A great tool to really practice the interview situation and in the end practice makes perfect. It is something completely different than just reading the questions somewhere and writing them down.
Marina P.
Buyer assistant Bayer
I have been browsing quite a while and nowhere else on the web have I found such a complete collection of questions and, above all, valuable tips on how to best answer the questions. Great content!
Robin S.
Tax specialist Mittelrheinische Treuhand
You never know what to expect at a job interview. With the Interview Fox I was able to prepare myself really well and in the end I had a very secure feeling. It worked out! Job landed. Thanks!
Business customer
                    You are a recruiter and would like to cooperate?We are glad to help!
                
Get in touch
Safety & Data Protection
We take our responsibility to protect your data very seriously. Interview Fox is an entirely in-house programmed website, hosted in Germany. In addition, we use only the highest industry standards to guarantee data protection and ensure privacy and confidentiality.
GDPR/DSGVO in first place
Interview Fox complies with GDPR/DSGVO regulations. Customer data is transmitted using the most advanced encrypting algorithms.
100% made in Germany
Our servers are located within Germany. Your data will be stored securely in computer centres with the highest industry standards of ISO/IEC 27001.
SSL certified
Interview Fox is SSL-certified and operates exclusively via SSL-encrypted connections to ensure maximum data security.
German
English
About us
Privacy
Terms
Imprint
Interview questions
Prices
Interview Blog
Employers
Job ads
Stories
Cookie and Privacy Settings
x
 Email address
 Password
Remember me
Log in
Forgot password?
                You don't have an Interview Fox account yet? Then sign up here.
            
 
 
x
Sign up to gain access to 200,000+ questions with expert tips
 Email address
 Password
I would like to receive relevant news about jobs and Interview Fox.
                By clicking this button I confirm that I agree with Interview Fox's Terms & Privacy Policy.
            
Sign up for free
                You already have an Interview Fox account? Then log in here.
            
 
                        Cookie and privacy settings
                    
This website uses cookies to enable essential functions like the user login and sessions. We also use cookies and third-party tools to improve your surfing experience on interview-fox.com. You can choose to activate only essential cookies or all cookies. You can always change your preference in the cookie and privacy settings. This link can also be found in the footer of the site. If you need more information, please visit our privacy policy.
Data processing in the USA: By clicking on "Yes, I agree", you also consent, in accordance with article 49 paragraph 1 sentence 1 lit. GDPR, to your data being processed in the USA (by Google LLC, Facebook Inc., LinkedIn Inc., Stripe, Paypal).
Manage settings individually
Yes, I agree