Human Centric Software & Natural User Interfaces by gestigon
Skip navigation
Home
Products
Overview
Automotive
Mixed Reality
Company
Team
Jobs
Contact
 
 
Enabling Touchless Control and Safety
A Natural User Interface in Every Car, Every Home, Every Personal Device.
Our vision is a world with human centric interfaces – where people interact with technology in a natural way and innovative solutions enhance personal comfort and safety. As gestigon is part of the Valeo group, we are committed to a mobility experience providing safety, comfort and excitement. Every day. Everywhere.
Interior Cocoon
The core of mobility is arriving at the desired location - we want to travel fast and comfortably. But mobility is nothing without safety. The Interior Cocoon concept is our answer to the increasing demand for objective and subjective safety for mobile vehicles. Airbags adapting to your seat position and your biometrics, stereos optimized to your requested experience, or casual controls to avoid distraction. For all that enjoy the ride.
User Experience
It is one thing to live in a world of standardized, automated and digital features being all over the place. But on the other hand our requirements regarding the personal experience of things, features, devices and our lifestyle gets increasingly important. Touchless interaction and user centric adaptation can provide a user experience beyond your expectations. Give it a try. You will be astonished.
Gesture Recognition
We like to touch and feel things. We have done so since we controlled the flow of water from the ancient aquaeducts. But switches, sliders and buttons are not always the best, most hygienic or easiest way to control your world. Touchless gesture recognition can provide the most natural way to interact with your environment if things need to be done fast, casual or discrete. And gestigon’s solutions are fully customized for your needs.
CONTACT
gestigon GmbH
			Maria-Goeppert-Straße 17
			23562 Lübeck | Germany 
			
Tel:+49 (451) 8792 91 30
Fax:+49 (451) 8792 91 40
E-Mail:info@gestigon.net
CONNECT
USEFUL LINKS
Press Info
关于我们
Contact
Jobs
Imprint
Privacy Statement
 
Our website uses cookies to realize a functional appearance. How we use cookies and process personal data in regard of our website's visitors, is shown in our privacy statement, which I took note of.
Read more
OK