JoS QUANTUM - Data-centric business intelligence
		Skip to content
 
 
 
 
Data-centric business intelligence 
OFFER
PROJECTS
TEAM
CONTACT
 
DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS 
EnvisionWith our business, technical and project management expertise we help defining, planning and executing data strategies, analyze data and business requirements, mitigate risks and automate processes. 
Integrate & ScaleIntegration of data pipelines, ETL, machine learning, and reporting on preferred cloud solutions. 
PrototypeDefine objective of data-enabled decision making. Examine what kind of data analysis is applicable (prediction, forecasting, classification). 
ML OpsDeploy and maintain models for data analysis in production. 
 
OUR SERVICES
 
RESEARCH AS A SERVICE (RaaS) 
Learn about quantum computingWe offer learning sessions tailored to your needs.  
Identify use cases in your companyDiscover where quantum computing can be applied from a business and technological perspective. 
Evaluate use cases for quantum upgradesCould your use cases benefit from upgrades using quantum computers? Find out together with us! 
Prototypes & proof-of-conceptsPrototyping and evaluation of speedups that can provide competitive advantages and open new markets. 
 
OUR OFFER
Read about our approach and successfull collaborations 
 
AWS Marketplace
You can book our professional services via AWS marketplace. 
 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 
Monte carlo simulation on todays quantum computers 
Quantum computers can perform Monte Carlo simulations faster than.We show how phase and amplitude estimation  algorithms can be parallelized. This can reduce the gate depth of the quantum circuits to that of a single Grover operator with a small overhead. 
 
 RESEARCH PAPER
 
TECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT
 
VIDEO
 
TOOLS & SOFTWARE 
 
Open source framework: "pygrnd" 
Open source framework to model quantum programs.Provide acces to our proprietary quantum algorithms to evaluate quantum programs. 
 
GITHUB
 
Serviced quantum application environment 
Fully managed virtual cloud  environment with all relevant frameworks, packages and dependecies. Pre-installed of pygrnd and relevant functions and notebooks.We provide research services through this easy reachable tool.Hardware connections available on demand for benchmark. 
 
LOGIN
PROJECTS 
 
						A quantum algorithm for the sensitivity analysis of business risks					
						We present a novel use case for quantum computation: the sensitivity analysis for a risk model used at Deutsche Börse Group. Such an analysis is computationally too expensive to perform on classical computers.					
 
Paper
PRESS
 
 
						Whitepaper: Quantum computing for finance					
						Whitepaper about quantum computing in finance together with our partners from NTT, SVA and AQT. 					
 
WHITEPAPER
 
						Asset allocation & portfolio optimization					
						Jupyter notebook that translates the combinatorial optimization into a QUBO which can be solved by adiabatic quantum computing, gate-based algorithms and quantum-inspired algorithms. It shows how to allocate a long-short portfolio that minimizes overall risk based on covariance of assets.					
LEARN MORE
 
						DZ BANK AG TrendLab					
						Workshop to explore quantum computing, providing knowledge-transfer and use case identification for various applications in risk management, optimization and machine learning.					
NOTEBOOK
 
						EnerQuant: Fundamental modelling in energy economics with quantum algorithms					
						Within this project we develop solutions for models in energy markets that consist of complex optimization problems including stochastic components. Solutions are prototyped and tested on various quantum hardware. The project is funded by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology (BMWK).					
WEBSITE
WHITEPAPER
RESEARCH PAPER
 
						QuSAA: Quantum algorithms for strategic asset allocation					
						Quantum computing for strategic asset allocation. The project investigates application of quantum algorithms to achieve lower fluctuations of investment portfolios  to contribute to the stabilization of companies and thus of the financial system.  The project is funded by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF)					
WEBSITE
 
						ATIQ: Implementation of quantum algorithms for finance and chemistry on ion-trap based quantum computers					
						The goal of the joint project is to build a reliable demonstrators of Ion trap quantum computers. Our part is to develop algorithms for credit risk modelling and evaluation using Quantum Monte Carlo methods and gain insights for requirements towards quantum advantage.The project is funded by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF) 
WEBSITE
 
Scientific publications 
 
Towards optimization under uncertainty for fundamental models in energy markets using quantum computers 
 
arxiv
 
Error Resilient Quantum Amplitude Estimation from Parallel Quantum Phase Estimation 
 
arxiv
 
A Quantum Algorithm for the Sensitivity Analysis of Business Risks 
 
arxiv
 
An efficient quantum algorithm for finding hidden parabolic subgroups in the general linear group 
 
arxiv
 
Polynomial time quantum algorithms for certain bivariate hidden polynomial problems 
 
arxiv
 
Hidden Symmetry Subgroup Problems
 
 
arxiv
 
Quantum Community 
Creation of a quantum community through meetups, video sessions and workshops to develop a platform for information, ideas, knowledge-transfer and networking. We want to bring together people that are interested in the quantum future. 
Follow us on: 
 
						linkedin					
 
						twitter					
 
						youtube					
 
						github					
 
						meetup					
“Providing in-depth expertise, the team of JoS QUANTUM helped us gaining crucial understanding in how quantum technology can help tackle increasing complexity in the financial services industry.” Rory McLaren   (Technology Strategist, Deutsche Börse Group) 
"The young and creative team of JoS QUANTUM develops quantum computing algorithms for applications in finance, for example in the field of portfolio optimization and risk modelling.”Dr. Mohammad Assadsolimani  (Risk manager, R+V Lebensversicherung AG) 
"JoS QUANTUM develops cutting-edge quantum computing algorithms for quantitative finance, insurance and energy to accelerate models and enable new ways of data analytics."Dr. Jörg Wenzel  (Head of Department, Fraunhofer Institute for Industrial Mathematics) 
TEAM 
 
Markus C. Braun 
Founder & Managing Director 
 
 
 
markus.c.braun@jos-quantum.de
Markus founded JoS QUANTUM in 2018. Before that, he worked for Deutsche Bank and as a consultant for various financial institutions. He advised and implemented various quantitative models for fraud detection and risk modelling. Markus studied mathematical physics in Magdeburg, Tokyo and Taipei. 
 
Niklas Hegemann 
Managing Director 
 
 
 
niklas.hegemann@jos-quantum.de
Niklas is managing director of JoS QUANTUM. Before that, he worked as a management consultant in different business and technical areas focusing on software integration and financial services. He was responsible for several big projects mostly in the field of trading and risk management. Niklas worked at the German electron-synchrotron DESY where he used Monte Carlo simulation methods to validate high energy experiments. He received his degree (Dipl.-Phys.) with subsidiary subject  economics in 2011 from University of Hamburg. 
 
Sven Kerstan 
Head of Research 
 
sven.kerstan@jos-quantum.de
Sven joined JoS QUANTUM in 2019. He has more than ten years of experience in trading and risk management. Most of that time he spent on the trading floor of a large proprietary trading company where, as Head of Research, he was in charge of all quantitative models and algorithms for trading and built up and managed a team of quants. Before that, he did Part III maths at the University of Cambridge, a PhD in theoretical physics at King’s College, London, and a postdoc at the Center for Theoretical Physics in Groningen. 
 
Thomas Decker 
Chief Technology Officer 
 
 
thomas.decker@jos-quantum.de
Thomas joined JoS QUANTUM in 2019. Before he worked as a software developer for a high-performance database company where he was responsible for the optimization algorithms. He held postdoctoral research positions at the University of Washington in Seattle, at McGill University in Montreal and at the Centre for Quantum Technologies in Singapore. His research is focused on the design and analysis of quantum algorithms and on quantum information theory. He received his Diplom degree in computer science in 2002 and his Dr.rer.nat. degree with specialization in quantum algorithms in 2006 from the University of Karlsruhe (KIT). 
PARTNERSHIP 
 
 Previous image
 Next image
ACADEMIC PARTNER 
 
 Previous image
 Next image
 
						Schedule a meeting with us					
						Below you can easily book an appointment with us for more information					
 
 
 
Google
 
Linkedin
 
Twitter
 
Github
 
JoS QUANTUM GmbHc/o TechQuartierPlatz der Einheit  60327 Frankfurt am MainGermany 
imprint
privacy policy
 
 
 
 
 
 