KptnCook - Become your own chef!
meal planner
community
about
blog
							
									English
								 
German
Spanish
French
Portuguese
What do you want to cook today?
Quick, easy & healthy
choose from various themes
Create your own personal meal plan
Pick your favorite recipes or one of the various presets that fit your diet: vegan, low-carb, under 400 calories, and many more.
Quick 30-min-recipes
Discover 3 new recipes a day
Less scrolling and more cooking! Get inspired with 3 delicious recipes every day that will make you jump right into your kitchen.
Intuitive Shopping List
Find all ingredients at your local supermarket
Save time by making one smart shopping list for multiple recipes and everyday items.
easy-to-follow COOKING steps
Prepare a healthy meal in no time
With beautiful and easy-to-follow step photos, you will feel confident to cook and succeed with every recipe.
Read what our users say
„The integrated shopping list is a huge help! Spontaneous dinner decisions can be made in the supermarket without writing long shopping lists beforehand.“
„I love that the recipes are actually doable and don’t contain obscure ingredients. The selection of recipes allows you to not get overwhelmed.“
„The App made our life much more convenient. We have been eating a lot healthier and with more variety and cooking has become a lot more fun too.“
Previous
Next
As seen in
Get the KptnCook app today!
					App Store
					
					Play Store
					
A taste of what’s to come?
Cheese Empanadas with Tomato Salsa
Pasta with Garlic-Cheese Sauce
Chicken Gyros with Tzatziki
Discover three easy-to-follow, delicious recipes every day!
						Company
					
								About
							
								Jobs
							
								For Brands
							
								Help & Contact
							
								FAQs
							
						Follow Us
					
 
 
							Newsletter
						
GO
Almost finished! Please click the link in the email we just sent you to complete subscription.
Something went wrong! Please try again.
					Imprint
				
					Terms of Use
				
					Privacy Policy
				
					© KptnCook GmbH 2022
			
                    We use cookies
                
                        Not only do we like to bake cookies, but we also use them to ensure basic features such as language selection and the proper operation of our website. Cookies also help us analyze website usage. If you give us your consent, we may transfer the collected data to our performance/advertising and social media partners in the USA, which is a third country with an unsafe level of data protection. If you do not want this, do not give your consent. However, you can also revoke your consent at any time for the future. In our privacy policy, we explain how we handle user data in more detail.
                    
Accept all cookies
incl. US partners
                             Customize Cookie Setting
                        
                        Cookies setting
                    
                        We use cookies to analyze our website and improve it for you.
                        
                                See our privacy policy
                            Functional
                        
                            We are able to save your language settings so that you can see the correct language the next time you visit the website.
                        
                            Statistic & Marketing
                        
                            These cookies enable us to count visits and traffic sources, so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website.
                        
                             Save Selection
                        
                          Accept All Cookies
                       
×
Want to keep up with new recipes, tips & food news?
Subscribe to our newsletter!
 
                                        Subscribe
                                        
Almost finished! Please click the link in the email we just sent you to complete subscription.
Something went wrong! Please try again.
By registering, I agree to the terms and conditions and privacy policy