Your All-In-One Travel App — Lambus
  
          Home
         
        Features
       
        Lambus PRO
       
        Solutions
         
        For Tour Operators
        
        Log in
       
        Try for free
              Your All-In-One Travel Platform  Your whole trip in your pocket.   Waypoints, expenses, tickets, photos and more!   Just for yourself or as a group!  
        Log in
       
        Try for free
       Set up in a minute. Free forever.        Featured in  Just arrived!
      Add waypoints to your itinerary from any website with just one click!
      Learn more ›       Discover   Your next favorite destination.   Get inspired from guides around the world – with expert tips and recommendations from our travel-loving editors and the Lambus community.  
        Learn more ›
           
      Everything in one place
     
      Across Devices
     
      Always available
     
      Solo or as a group
     
      Whether waypoints, travel expenses, booking documents or photos.
     
      Use Lambus either on your smartphone, tablet or on the Web.
     
      We are always available for questions and suggestions via our live chat.
     
      Plan either on your own or with your fellow travelers.
          Plan   Your custom itinerary.   Plan your trip on an interactive map and save as many waypoints as you need. Easily add hotels, things to do, transportation options, notes and more!  
        Learn more ›
            Book   Your matching offer.   The research has been done, and you’re ready to book. Find exactly the offer that suits your trip with our partners like GetYourGuide, Omio & Co.  
        Learn more ›
            Experience   Your trip stress free.   We're also there for you during your trip: easily access your bookings, enter expenses on the go, book activities and more!  
        Learn more ›
       
        What our users are saying
        
        Best trip planning app I had so far
       
        Really great app, so easy to use! Make collaborative planning, sharing hotel information and splitting costs so much easier. Definitely 5 stars!
       
        Milabika564 — App Store
        
        For all kinds of trips
        
        Solo travelers
       
        Plan your itinerary and store your travel expenses and booking documents
       
        Group travelers
       
        Plan your trip together and benefit from real-time updates, push notifications and chat
       
        Business travelers
       
        Use Lambus for your next business trip and store your appointments, hotels, etc.
       
            Check it out!
           
            Available for free on the App Store, on Google Play and as a Web App.
           
        Log in
       
        Try for free
       Set up in a minute. Free forever.   
            Stay up to date
           
            
      Get the latest updates on our product. And don't worry, we'll only
      message you when we really have something to say!
    
             Subscribe  © 2018 - 2023, Lambus GmbH All rights reserved  
              Product
             
                Features
              
                Download
              
                Discover
              
                Blog
              
                Help & FAQ
              
                Giftcards
               
              Company
             
                About
              
                For Tour Operators
              
                Affiliate Partners
               
              Legal
             
                Terms of use
              
                Privacy
              
                Imprint
               
            Follow us
            