Layover Solutions - Disruptive IROP Management
HomeAboutAdvantagesNewsCareers 
Contact 
HomeAboutAdvantagesNewsCareers 
Contact 
Flight disruption?Layover Solutions.
Book rooms for your passengersin seconds. Increase efficiency,transparency and customer satisfaction!
Get in touch
Sign in
Sign in to manage layovers or hotels
Disrupting Passenger Related IROP Management
Layover Solutions changes the way passenger related IROP management is done – by connecting the actors involved online and by using Artificial Intelligence to improve efficiency and precision. Inefficient communication, imprecise booking orders and unsatisfied passengers are a thing of the past!
Supported by
 
 
 
Period: 10/21-09/22
fast.
When booking hotel rooms for disrupted passengers, having a quick overview over the offers in the market is key. Our online platform allows airline staff to compare, select and book hotel rooms, meals, and transport within seconds.
efficient.
When a flight is disrupted airline staff must keep a clear head to take the right decisions. Our solutions use Artificial Intelligence to support airline staff at each step. They can now make sure to book in line with airline criteria and maximize the booking precision.
transparent.
To retain disrupted passengers, it is crucial that they feel taken care of. Our solutions ensure that disrupted passengers are informed about their options for overnight stay instantly. Airline staff can contact them any time.
News
 
Layover Solutions Closes Seed Round
Layover Solutions has received a seed investment from...
 
The hidden costs of flight disruptions
In most cases, a flight cancellation is a stressful experience. Passengers...
 
Nominated for Startup Award
Layover Solutions has been nominated for the digital startup...
 
Layover Solutions Wins AI Award!
Layover Solutions wins the Special Award for Artificial Intelligence at...
                View all            
    © 2021-2023 Layover Solutions
    
Legal Details · Privacy Policy · Contact ·     