Powering Enterprise Language Solutions with AI | Lengoo
   Menu  
    Technology
  
    Solutions
  
    About Us
  
    References
  
    Get in Touch
   Menu  
    Technology
  
    Solutions
  
    About Us
  
    References
  
    Get in Touch
     Rethinklanguage Supercharge your company with your own language AI 
    Get in touch
  
    How it works
    As seen in: Enterprise-grade language services at scale  3x faster Customized AI ISO certifiedGet. Things. Done.  Words can be a real showstopper. Whether you still have to finish that important presentation for tomorrow, should catch up on your inbox after a long weekend, or need to have this document in three more languages. Flow gets you unstuck and makes sure you get things done. 
    Explore More
  Hear from our clients  Faster from the get-go and unbeatable over time Using a continuous machine learning flow, we deliver enterprise-grade translations at lightning speed because our translators can work faster and faster.  Lengoo translation  Domain-specific MT Generic MT
           
            3.0x
           
            faster
           Months of collaboration Leverage your data with HALOS® technology Every interaction between your team and our translators is transformed into actionable data. Our Human-augmented Language Operating System learns from this language data and human feedback loops to become better and better over time.   Full Service Translations Get the most out  of your language data in translation services with HALOS® - with your existing service provider or Lengoo.API & Connectors Integrate HALOS® directly into any software you want. Use our powerful API or pre-built connectors to major content platforms. We are also happy to develop custom solutions with you.Real-time translation in Flow Flow boosts the productivity of any employee in your company when dealing with language in their daily work. HALOS® ensures that it happens on brand and in a secure environment. 
    Learn how it works
  News and events 
      Let's talk.
        Made within Berlin [email protected]    
    Log In
   Community 
    Blog
  
    FAQ
  
    Translate for Lengoo
  
    Partners
   Company 
    About us
  
    Careers
  
    Contact
  
    Press
  
    Investor Relations
   © 2023 lengoo GmbH 
    Business Terms
  
    Privacy Policy
  
    Imprint
   
    English
  