Bike rental: Hire a road bike, MTB or e-bike| ListNRide
 Rent  Test  Rent 
0
 Learn More 
 Rent a Bike  List your Bike  For Partners  Photo Tips  Insurance  Help  Brands  Events  Log in  Sign up 
 Learn More 
0 Log in  Sign up  Life is a  joyful  Ride.  We are a cycling community. Rent from locally, from private owners and shops.   Book your perfect bike now!   Bike rental, made easy  search and find from 80.000+ bikes in more than 1,000 locations from both local shops & local bike owners, exactly the bike you want.  Any time, any place  With our safe and convenient platform, you're able to rent your dream bike in seconds, no matter where you are!   Our passion for cycling  No matter where you travel, we want you to make the most of your experience on the perfect bike. Enjoy unlimited mobility, unlimited exploration and unlimited experiences on the perfect ride.   Read our story  Bike rental, made easy  search and find from 80.000+ bikes in more than 1,000 locations from both local shops & local bike owners, exactly the bike you want.  Any time, any place  With our safe and convenient platform, you're able to rent your dream bike in seconds, no matter where you are!   Our passion for cycling  No matter where you travel, we want you to make the most of your experience on the perfect bike. Enjoy unlimited mobility, unlimited exploration and unlimited experiences on the perfect ride.   Read our story  Test-Ride Brands We partner with several new bike brands to offer test rides of their latest models in all four of our ListNRide locations. Bikes from partner brands can be test ridden or rented so you can try them out before making a purchase!  Test now  Events We provide bike rentals at many cycling events all around Europe in case you have to travel to participate. This allows you to leave your bike at home, and rent a high quality bike at the event!  See the events  Gift Card With ListNRide gift cards, you can give the gift of exploration and encourage your friends and family to make the most of their travel experiences on the perfect bike. Gift cards can be used for any rental booked through our website.  Buy a gift card  Stories Connect with the ListNRide community through our Stories page, where you can find an abundance of cycling resources. Find out more  Discover Europe  Tapas ride  in Palma de Mallorca  Modern vibes  in Rotterdam  Beer garden tour  in Munich  Cannes  Marbella  Granada  Palma de Mallorca  Garda  Lyon  Nice  Reims  Bergen aan Zee  Alpe d'Huez  Paris  Breda  Copenhagen  Tokyo  Salzburg  Vienna  Rotterdam  Utrecht  Amsterdam  Frankfurt  Stuttgart  Düsseldorf  Hamburg  Seville  Madrid  Lanzarote  Gran Canaria  Barcelona  Munich  Berlin  Stay up to date - subscribe to our newsletter! 
 ListNRide  About  Press  Jobs  Invite Friends  Help  Jobrad  For Partners  Learn More  Rent a Bike  Listing a bike  Photo Tips  Insurance  Ambassador Program  Gift Card  Brands  Top countries  Germany  Italy  Spain  Netherlands  Austria  Denmark  France   Portugal  2023 LR Mobility GmbH  Imprint  Terms  Privacy 