Your Free Medication and Pill Reminder I mediteo-App
MenuClose
About us
mediteo
How it works
mediteo m+
FAQs
Contact us
Handle your medication easily with mediteo
Free medication reminder app which lets you follow your personal therapy plan easily anytime and anywhere, so you can stay on top of your health. Download mediteo today
Get Reminded
It can be difficult to think about the regular intake of your medication. The mediteo app reminds you with notifications to take your pills and medication reliably and on time.
Keep Informed
Learn how to use your medication properly or what side effects and interactions can occur. All important information simply prepared and always there.
Stay Organized
Plan your regular intakes and always keep track of your upcoming medication intakes with our easy to-do list. With mediteo it becomes easy to meet your personal therapy plan anywhere and at any time. Handle your medication easily!
See how it works
How to Use mediteo?
In our FAQ section, you will find further information for your questions about how to use mediteo. If we did not answer your question, just fill in our contact form. We will try to answer all your questions and you will receive an answer from us as soon as possible.
Your Feedback
Our team is working tirelessly to adapt mediteo to your needs and needs. We are looking forward to your feedback, because your important and valuable suggestions help us enormously
Support
Data Privacy
You can use mediteo without registration or input of personal data. No personal data are passed on to third parties. Since all data is transmitted in encrypted and anonymous form, neither we nor our partners have access to your personal data.
Adherence
It is always the patient who ultimately decides whether the drug is taken as prescribed. According to the WHO (World Health Organization) around 50 percent of chronically ill patients in industrialized countries do not follow their therapy recommendations. Sticking to your therapy plan can contribute to the success of your therapy.
For Patients by Doctors
mediteo is developed by doctors to help patients to deal with their medications. mediteo helps you to take control of your condition in a simple and intuitive way. You can integrate your personal therapy plan easily into your daily routine to better adhere to your medication plan. Because a correct drug intake could promote your health. And that is exactly what mediteo wants to help you with.
 
Our Partners
Download mediteo today
Follow us
Mediteo GmbH 
About us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Contact us
 
About the mediteo app 
mediteo
How it works
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
 
 
Copyright 2023 © Mediteo GmbH
Scroll Up