Home - Midaia
Skip to content 
 EN | DE
 
 
 
Menu 
Home
For Patients
For Doctors
About us
Partners
Contact us
 
 
Menu 
Home
For Patients
For Doctors
About us
Partners
Contact us
 
 
Digital Therapy Support 
Optimizing medication, diet, exercise routines and mental health for patients with rheumatic diseases 
 
Midaia 
 
						Personalized recommendations					
 
						Improve disease activity					
 
						Optimize doctor appointments					
 
Inflammatory rheumatic diseases have many faces  
Lisa suffers from rheumatoid arthritis. She struggles with swollen knees every day. Sometimes she can hardly move them. Lisa has been experimenting with various treatments for years. She only found a drug recently that helps her. But it had such serious side effects that she could not continue with the treatment. Lisa has to start again trying to find a treatment that works. In addition, on average her rheumatologist has only 10 minutes every 6 months to assist her in her search. Many rheumatoid arthritis patients have the same experiences as Lisa. 
 
 
Midaia supports patients and clinicians 
 
						App for patients					
						Digital companion for patients with rheumatic diseases					
Learn more
 
						Software for clinicians					
						Quick disease assessment and decision support tools					
Learn more
For Patients 
 
Become healthier everyday 
Midaia recommends personalized treatment plans to improve your outcomes  
Know yourself and your disease 
Learn about all factors that have an influence on your well-being and disease  
 
For Clinicians 
Save time and improve treatment quality  
 
						Patient overview					
						Assessment of risks, comorbidities, side effects, treatment adherence and pain					
 
						Send the information					
						To your patient and Midaia ensures that it is delivered, understood and applied
					
 
About us 
Patients with a rheumatic disease should be able to lead a completely normal life without restrictions. This is why we – at Midaia- have set ourselves the goal of improving the health and well-being of all patients with rheumatic diseases.With personalized medicine, we support patients in dealing with the best therapy in order to enable each patient to lead a completely normal life in the long term.Midaia is backed by an international team of doctors, health experts and IT specialists. 
The management 
 
Partners  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous
 Next
 
Midaia develops personalized digital treatments to support patients with inflammatory-rheumatic diseases.We aim towards greater health and well-being for all rheumatic disease patients.. 
Instagram
 
Facebook
 
Linkedin
 
Twitter
 
Leave us a message!  
Midaia GmbHHeidelberg, Germanymessage@midaia.com 
Legal Notice | Privacy Policy 
					© 2023 Midaia GmbH				
 error: Content is protected !!