mindR – Unleash the mind power
Skip to content 
 
Menu 
Use ai ethically to achieve meaningful goals 
 
About Us 
 We employ Artificial Intelligence (AI) to evolve human competency. With years of relevant research, we develop video-based psychological assessment powered by AI. With which, we help our clients solve ‘people’ problems like hiring, matching, counseling, or policy optimization.  
  
Our Services 
 
 
						Smart assessment					
						Psychological profiling of any target group via the video					
 
						Insightful report					
						Visualized report to read easily assessment results					
 
						Future technology					
						Remote profiling method to replace classical written tests					
 
						Flexible usage					
						Remote assessment suitable for all kind of operations					
our team 
 
Dr. Tony Lee, Ph.D. 
Founder & CEO 
Tony is a thought leader in AI-driven psychology. He holds 2 PhD degrees and exudes passions on personality traits & future technologies. 
 
Linkedin
 
Envelope
 
WordPress
 
 
Konrad Gerbing, diplom-psych. 
communication consultant 
An experienced coach in communication, Konrad has a peculiar knowhow in human thoughts and behaviors.   
Linkedin
 
Envelope
 
Contact Us 
 
						Working hours					
						Monday- Thursday: 9:00-17:00 Hrs					
 
						We are here					
						mindR UGBuchstr. 1, 13353 Berlin, GermanyContact: tony.lee@mind-r.de					
 
Frequently asked questions 
 
 
What is mindR?
mindR stands for mind reader. Based on our founder’s years of scientific research in computational personality psychology, we are committed to make Artificial Intelligence-based psychological assessment accessible to everyone, thus contributing to greater social and corporate values. 
What is mindR?
mindR stands for mind reader. Based on our founder’s years of scientific research in computational personality psychology, we are committed to make Artificial Intelligence-based psychological assessment accessible to everyone, thus contributing to greater social and corporate values. 
What is mindR?
mindR stands for mind reader. Based on our founder’s years of scientific research in computational personality psychology, we are committed to make Artificial Intelligence-based psychological assessment accesible to everyone, thus contributing to greater social and corporate values. 
What is mindR?
mindR stands for mind reader. Based on our founder’s years of scientific research in computational personality psychology, we are committed to make Artificial Intelligence-based psychological assessment accesible to everyone, thus contributing to greater social and corporate values. 
How much is your app?
We are currently in the pilot phase and will communicate our pricing shortly.
Can anyone use the app?
Absolutely! mindR app is suitable for individual and organizational users based on your own needs.
How did the idea come about?
Our founder Dr. Lee has been researching on the nexus between social signals (utterances & voice patterns in particular) and personality traits for years. His research evidences that it is possible to identify our personality states and traits by means of our recurrent patterns of social signals. He then came up with the innovative idea of mindR to facilitate our understanding in human psychology and its behavioral consequences. The idea of mindR has been awarded several prizes, including the Berliner Startup Stipendium and the EXIST Gründerstipendium (BMWi).
mindR is a cross-platform, AI-driven people analytics app for all devices. Contact Us 
Supported by 
 
 
 
Das Gründungsprojekt mindR wird unterstützt durch das Förderprogramm EXIST-Gründerstipendium des Bundesministeriums für Wirtschaft und Energie (BMWi), kofinanziert aus dem Europäischen Sozialfonds. 
Data Privacy
Legal Notice
Data Privacy Policy (EU)
Find us online
 
© 2023 mindR • Powered by GeneratePress 
Scroll back to top
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.AcceptDeclinePrivacy policy