modelwise | model-based safety engineering
 
Product
Company
Career
Contact us
Resources
Blog
Exposé
Success stories
Customer center
DE
EN
 
Select Page
  
 
 
 
Automating FunctionalSafety Analysis
Seamlessly integrated software for automated failure analysis
Discover more
Contact us
Faster Analyses
Reduce weeks of safety assessment to a few hours. paitron can automate at least ~60% of the FMEA tasks for you.
Zero Defects
Trusted algorithms & methods allow white-box reasoning. Highest quality ensured with a concept report received from TÜV SÜD.
Save More
Identify design flaws early & save up to 80% of costs. paitron supports Design-, System- & Piece-part-FMEA.
No mortal can do 23k checks in 40 minutes 
JOCHEN DÄSCHLER
Functional Safety Expert,HIMA GmbH
paitron saves me three days of copying data from one tool to another for each assessment
MICHAEL KINDERMANN
Head of Functional Safety Management,Pepperl+Fuchs SE
With paitron, I can improve the quality of my safety assessments and products.
MARKUS DALHEIMER 
Functional Safety Engineer,HIMA GmbH
Top of the line
Our Clients
Reap the benefits
Learn more about how paitron can support you
Want to accelerate the time to market?
Want to automate routine tasks?
Want to increase product quality?
Want to increase efficiency of engineers?
Do you want to
      
increase efficiency of engineers?
increase product quality?
accelerate time to market?
automate routine tasks?
reduce media breaks?
%
Less media breaks 
%
Early stage savings
%
Routine tasks automated
Faster than manual
Our innovation
paitron in one glance
paitron automates safety analysis through model-based failure propagation. Artificial intelligence & qualitative models allow a complete & correct analysis of possible system behavior & the effects of errors. The software analyzes engineering models with potentially unsafe design flaws even in early product stages.
To keep the overhead for modeling as low as possible, industry-specific libraries for fault & component models are included with paitron. The fault modes are selected automatically according to the desired safety norm & level.
Find out more on the supported Standards, Interfaces and Analyses.
Standards
Interfaces
Analyses
Up & above
Our Achievements
Going strong
Our Supporters
Latest DEVELOPMENTS
What’s happening?
Automatic assessment of an industrial safety-critical system
Mar 7, 2022 | Success storiesThe HIMax is an industrial safety-critical system of the HIMA Paul Hildebrandt GmbH that contains multiple digital output modules, whose signals are intended for use in a programmable electronic system. In this article, a partial safety analysis of the HIMax is assessed with paitron.
read more
modelwise achieves TÜV concept report
Mar 2, 2022 | Success storiesThis article aims to show how the tool concept of paitron was evaluated from TÜV SÜD and regarding its certification ability as a qualified software for the use in safety-critical applications. 
read more
​Where did ARP 4761 go wrong?
Nov 28, 2021 | Success storiesIn this article, we compare a manually generated expert failure modes and effects analysis (FMEA) taken from SAE ARP4761 with an automatically generated one, produced with paitron and find where the ARP 4761 went wrong.
read more
modelwise One-pager
Nov 11, 2021 | ExposéWe are the first company to develop a mathematically complete solution for accelerated and improved safety assessment – paitron. In this one-pager, we explain modelwise a bit more including what we have achieved, how we provide value to the customer as well as our portfolio. 
read more
How long will my Arduino project work?
Oct 28, 2021 | BlogIn this article, a failure mode and diagnostic analysis (FMEDA) of the power supply module of an Arduino™ UNO Rev3 is presented in order to assess the robustness of its design and estimate its lifetime when being uninterruptedly powered.
read more
All News
 
Ready to get started?
Schedule a demo
Customers
Product
Services
Success Stories
Contact Us
Company
About us
Team
Career
Resources
More information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Cookie Policy
FollowFollow
Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first one to know about the latest news and developments
Thank you for subscribing!
Name
Email
Subscribe
You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy.
© modelwise 2023  | All Rights Reserved
 
 
Manage Cookie Consent
We use cookies to optimize our website & our service. Because we value your privacy, we are herewith asking for your permission to use these technologies. You can always change/withdraw your consent later by clicking on the "Manage consent" button on the right lower corner of the page.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Dismiss
Preferences
Save preferences
Preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
 