	Monitorfish - Your digital aquaculture assistant	
Monitorfish - Your digital aquaculture assistant
En
De
 
 
Technology
Company
Careers
R&D
Contact
 
Technology
Company
Careers
R&D
Contact
Your digital 
    aquaculture
assistant
Empowering smart decisions to secure the future of fish farming
Enquire about Monitorfish for your farm
We use cloud-based AI software that empowers best practice fish farming.
We reduce negative impacts on fish, people and the planet.
 
              Improve overall
production stability             
 
              Enhance
efficiency             
 
              Scale up and
increase your
margin             
 
              Improve
animal welfare             
Our technology will help you achieve optimal growth by reducing fish loss and increasing profitability.
Explore our technology
 
 
We need sustainable aquaculture to feed our growing human population.
While fish farming helps provide a steady food supply, the industry also comes with its own social, economic and environmental challenges.
         Monitorfish helps overcome the challenges associated with traditional fish farming by ensuring a smart and  sustainable management.        
More about our company
Partners and investors
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Join our team to
 secure the future of
 sustainable fish
farming
Our job opportunities
Sign up to our
newsletter
Sign Up To Our Newsletter
Email(Required)
CAPTCHA
  
Enquire about Monitorfish for 
your farm
Get In Touch
FAQs
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies
 
We use some necessary cookies which are essential for certain basic functionalities on our website. We would also like to set Google analytics cookies to help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it. These cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. For more information please see our Cookies Policy.SettingsYes, I agreeManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics1 yearSet by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Analytics" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary1 yearSet by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "Necessary" category . 
								Analytics							
Analytics
									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
CookieDurationDescription_ga2 yearsThe _ga cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._gat_gtag_UA_175697551_11 minuteSet by Google to distinguish users._gid1 dayInstalled by Google Analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. Some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously. 
								Functional							
Functional
									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
CookieDurationDescriptionmc_session_ids[default]5 minutesThis cookie is set by the provider ReCaptcha. This is used by the Captcha plugin for the website forms.mc_session_ids[multi][0]5 minutesThis cookie is set by the provider ReCaptcha. This is used by the Captcha plugin for the website forms.mc_session_ids[multi][1]5 minutesThis cookie is set by the provider ReCaptcha. This is used by the Captcha plugin for the website forms.mc_session_ids[multi][2]5 minutesThis cookie is set by the provider ReCaptcha. This is used by the Captcha plugin for the website forms.mc_session_ids[multi][3]5 minutesThis cookie is set by the provider ReCaptcha. This is used by the Captcha plugin for the website forms.mc_session_ids[multi][4]5 minutesThis cookie is set by the provider ReCaptcha. This is used by the Captcha plugin for the website forms. 
SAVE & ACCEPT
Powered by 