mysupply – Automated Sourcing
 
 
Product
Integrations
FAQs
DE
Product
Integrations
FAQs
DE
 
 
Request Demo
 
Sourcing made
INTELLIGENT
INNOVATIVE
SMART
SIMPLE
EFFICIENT
EASY
 
Procurement was never more efficient.Join us in making sourcing autonomous andSTART saving time and money today. 
 
How it works?
 
Data-driven sourcing
 
Highly efficient
 
Easy-to-use 
 
Quick setup
Powerful solution for automating sourcing process 
mysupply is a powerful SaaS solution that automates the sourcing process in procurement, delivering an average of 11% savings on spend and reducing operational effort by 50%. 
 
								Email							
 
See it in detail
 
 
Boost your sourcing process with an intelligent SaaS solution 
 
Intuitive for buyers and suppliers alike to increase user adoption
 
Quick & Easy setup to save implementation costs
 
Exceptional support for buyers and suppliers
With mysupply, buyers can experiencesmarter sourcing processes with less effort,while still delivering better results. 
 
Learn more
Handle demands easily 
 
All demands in one place to gain overview and control
 
1-Click bundling reduces sourcing processes
 
Reuse templates to setup tenders fast
 
Operational buyers no longer need to dedicatelarge amounts of time to create short-term demandplans or triggering stock replenishments. 
 
See it in action
 
Automate your whole sourcing process 
 
1-Click from RFP to Negotiation
 
Flexibility to cover any sourcing strategy
 
Remain in control
By leveraging the power of Machine Learning and AI,mysupply streamlines procurement operations,reduces manual labor costs. 
 
See it in action
Negotiate smart 
 
AI-driven desicions
 
Game Theory algorithms to predict the best sourcing strategy
 
Intelligent lot creation for optimized negotiation competition
 
Automation not only reduces the current operating costs and increases efficiency, but also allows businesses to negotiate items that were previously overlooked. 
 
See it in action
Autonomous Sourcing by mysupply 
 
100% automated sourcing process
 
80% less procurement effort
 
More than 11% spend savings
 
Learn more
 
What clients say 
						"What particularly impresses me about working with mysupply is that we work with absolute enthusiasts who are passionate about bringing successful tenders to life with us. The strongly fluctuating markets of the last few years have pushed the good old annual or multi-year contract a bit to the sidelines. With mysupply, buyers can react and have prices updated continuously without any effort. And even with one-off tenders, it shows that mysupply makes life much easier for buyers, but also for suppliers. Documents are exchanged cleanly; the selection process is fair, and every participant has the same chance of being awarded the contract."					
Torben LinkSteinbeis Papier 
						"We noticed the flexibility and customer orientation in the pilot phase in a particularly positive way. The promising results from the pilot phase have strengthened our decision to use the mysupply solution to manage part of our purchasing volume in 2022 as well. Requirements can be bundled and requested quickly and offers can be evaluated just as easily. Afterwards, automated negotiation strategies are suggested leading us to an optimized result."					
Sebastian SchemannSAG Schlagbaum 
 Previous
 Next
mysupply platform 
We are flexible and allow you to pick just what you need, nothing more 
						Negotiation						
 
										RFP in ERP									
 
										Evaluation									
 
										Automated Lot Creation									
 
										Automated Negotiation									
 
										Purchase order in ERP									
							Learn more						
						Complete Sourcing						
 
										Demand Handling									
 
										Request (Tender)									
 
										Invitation									
 
										Evaluation									
 
										Automated Lot Creation									
 
										Automated Negotiation									
							Learn more						
						Customized						
 
										We can tailor the flow to meet your specific needs									
 
										We can add feature extensions, as long as they fit our long term roadmap									
							Learn more						
Integrations 
mysupply is already available on SAP Storewith a Negotiation and Sourcing Plugin for SAP Ariba. 
We can integrate with any system, so you don’t have to change your own processes.
We are happy to discuss integration possibilities. 
 
Let's find your use case!
FAQ 
Who is mysupply for?
mysupply is for procurement experts who want efficiency and are tired of manual and repetitive steps.mysupply is for procurement leaders who aren’t afraid to innovate and take a digital step in the right direction.
How much savings can I expect?
On average you can get up to 11% savings as a result of our smart negotiations, however the real benefits will be the full automation potential, increased compliance and reduced error rate.
Full scope of mysupply?
mysupply is a complete Sourcing Platform – it takes the whole process and adds intelligence on each step. From demand bundling and supplier suggestions, to automated negotiations! If you’re feeling confident you can try a completely autonomous sourcing. The scope and control is completely in your hands.
Can I use just part of the product?
Absolutely – we are a complete platform, however you can decide exactly which features match your use case.You want to keep the full process in your ERP and just use us for negotiations? No problem – just get the Negotiation package.You want to leverage the full sourcing potential and automation? No problem – just get the Complete Sourcing package.Need something specific or tailored exactly to your needs? Just get in touch and we’ll find a solution!
What integrations are available?
We can integrate with almost any existing system, depending on your needs – whether that’s SAP Ariba, S4HANA or even an R3 or a simple Sharepoint connection.
Do I need my own suppliers?
We encourage you to bring your own suppliers, as we do not provide a vetted supplier base.However if you’re looking to extend your existing supplier pool you can use our Supplier Scout feature that allows you to quickly find and get in touch with new suppliers.
What are the next plans?
We believe in an iterative approach, so we constantly collect feedback from all of our users. We work towards making the process better step by step, adding more and more intelligence and covering additional use cases. We aim to leverage the power of ML & AI as much as we can to completely change what Sourcing looks like.
 
Got any more questions?
Company 
About
Product
Investors
Careers
Contact
 
Resources 
Autonomous Sourcing
Integrations
FAQs
Blog
 
mysupply FOR 
CPOs
Technical Buyers
Suppliers
Partners
 
Other 
Login
Imprint
Privacy policy
Terms
 
© Copyright 2023 Mysupply GmbH 