Homepage - Numaferm
Home
Technologies
Technologies
Numascreen
Numatech
Numasec
Numaswitch
Services
About
News
Resources
Products
Numacut TEV Protease
NumaTEV Protease
Contact us
 
Unlock the power of peptides, pepteins and proteins Don’t let cost stand in the way of innovation. Explore and harness the potential of affordable peptides, pepteins and proteins with our disruptive bioprocesses for discovery, optimization and production. Power innovation Contact us
					Numaswitch				
					The first biochemical production platform for peptides, pepteins and proteins				
Numaferm is making the production of your targets attainable Opening up a world of possibilities At Numaferm we believe in the untapped potential of peptides, peptein and proteins as feedstock for better, safer and healthier products in life sciences and beyond.
Cost of goods should not be a limiting factor in innovation. That’s why we’ve pioneered an approach to discover, optimize and produce these targets affordably, sustainably and at scale. From discovery to commercial manufacturing - our mission is to support your ambition by adding value. 
                                    Innovation                                
                                    Discover unique and superior lead candidates                                
                                        Numascreen™ phage display libraries are first in market high-diversity libraries with over 1 billion for peptides > 20 aa. Using Numascreen we discover and optimize your high-affinity binders with unique properties.                                    
                                    Cost-of-Goods                                
                                    Produce high-quality peptides quickly, at scale and with reduced costs                                
                                        Numatech™ serves as a unique high-titer expression platform enabling material supply in a short timeframe, at needed scales, reduced costs and the highest qualities. Evolved by nature, discovered by leading scientists, optimized and applied by Numaferm.                                    
                                    Quality                                
                                    Ensure success with the highest service standards                                
                                        Numaferm is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company dedicated to quality and customer satisfaction. With a track record of over 200 successful peptide projects, Numaferm has become a trusted partner in the industry.                                    
                                    Sustainability                                
                                    Sustainable production: ecological, economical, responsible                                
                                        Sustainable and future-proof, Numatech reduces your carbon footprint and leaves out fine chemicals and organic solvents to meet higher safety standards.                                    
						How it works
					
						Learn More
					
					Our Services				
					From Lead Discovery to Commercial Production.				
 
 
									Lead Discovery service								
								Numascreen™							
								Our lead discovery service uses proprietary Numascreen phage display libraries to identify innovative, high-affine, highly-specific peptides that bind to your target.							
								Read more							
 
 
									Cell Line & Process Development Programs								
								Numatech™							
								We apply the Numatech expression platform to ensure the delivery of your target at scale, on time and at the highest quality possible.							
								Read more							
 
 
									Commercial/GMP supply								
								Industry-grade processes and access to broad partner network							
								The commercial and/or GMP production is realized by our established partner network of well-known CMO companies. Our production processes are industry-grade and ready to be transferred to production plants.							
								Read more							
						Learn more
					
						View Services
					
					Case studies				
					Our lead discovery service identifies innovative, high-affine, highly-specific peptides against your target and makes use of proprietary Numascreen™ phage display libraries.				
 
									Pharma								
								Teriparatide (PTH 1-34)							
									Developed by Eli Lilly, Teriparatide has become an important treatment for osteoporosis (Forsteo®). We designed a unique production process, outperforming everything on the market to make this treatment accessible, affordable and safe for every patient worldwide. Similar processes are available for other peptide APIs like PTH (1-84) and Liraglutide.								
 
									Agriculture								
								Safe and eco-friendly pesticides							
									Together with RWTH Aachen, we developed a bifunctional adhesive-antimicrobial peptide to be used as a pesticide for agricultural applications. This peptide is highly active, rain-resistant, safe and does not pollute soil or food, making it superior to available alternatives.								
 
									Aquaculture								
								Antimicrobial peptides as substitutes for antibiotics							
									In cooperation with Tunatech GmbH, various AMPs (β-defensines, cathelicidins, hepcidines, histone-derivatives and piscidines) were developed for the treatment of fish. They are highly active and stable with no observed cytotoxicities, making them promising candidates for the treatment of aquaristic and aquaculture related diseases.								
 
									SARS-CoV-2								
								COVID-19 Nanobody							
									As part of a global consortium, Numaferm is the manufacturing organization of an anti-Corona nanobody. Extracted from alpacas and developed by Dr. Fernandez and his team in Chile, the nanobody is highly effective in binding to the spike protein and under preclinical evaluation.								
					Numaferm News
				
 
 
									Biologics UK - London								
									Dr. Christian Schwarz and Liv Kaser will be attending the Biologics UK conference in London. The conference will take place from 30. – 31. March.Presenting […]								
Read
									more
 
 
									European Peptide Synthesis Conference								
									Liv Kaser, Business Development Manager at Numaferm (r) and Teresa Harris, Head of Marketing (l), attended and exhibited at the European Peptide Synthesis Conference in […]								
Read
									more
 
 
									American Peptide Symposium - Whistler, Canada, 11 - 16th June, 2022								
									We are looking forward to being present at the 27th American Peptide Symposium in Whistler, Canada from 11 – 16th June, 2022. Please do not […]								
Read
									more
                        More News
                    
					Numaferm is trusted & supported by:				
							Dr. Christian Schwarz						
							CEO and Co-Founder Numaferm GmbH						
							“We believe that in the near future peptides, pepteins and proteins will have found their way into new markets and become a well-known feedstock for better products in life sciences and beyond. Numaferm supports you in these developments – from discovery to commercial production.”						
						Learn how we can work together					
						Contact us					
Home
Technologies
Numasec
Numaswitch
Services
About
News
Resources
 
Careers
Contact us
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
 
							Numaferm GmbH
							Merowingerplatz 1a
							40225 Düsseldorf
							Germany
							Tel: +49 211 975 32900
							Mail: info@numaferm.com
						
Contact us
							© Copyright by Numaferm™ Gmbh
						
								Subscribe to our newsletter
							
								Receive our latest news, updates, and announcements
							
Submit
 
 
                We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. For more information read our                                 
                    Privacy policy                
                    Accept                
                    Reject                