Olaf - Employee Wellbeing Platform
Toggle navigation
Perks 
Mental HealthFinancial wellbeingFITNESS & YOGANutritionHobbies
Household
 PRicingBLOGDemoLogin
Make remote work run smoothly
Health & wellbeing perks for remote employeesRequest a Demostart a free trial
Our partners work with the world's best
 
Create the ultimate employee experience
Let your employees choose from the best offers around mental health, fitness, nutrition & household support. Our perks are specifically tailored to new remote work realities.Olaf is a platform to book and manage
                        wellbeing perks.
Your employee wellbeing starter kit
Over 60 perk offers - booked & delivered online. For each & everyone in your team
Mental Health & Meditation
Courses and meditations, coaches and licensed therapistsLEARN MORE
Financial Wellbeing
Wage tracking, savings management and furloughed staff supportLEARN MORE
Fitness & Yoga Programs
Remote fitness classes, online yoga & health lifestyle appsLEARN MORE
Diet & Nutrition Coaching
Nutrition advice mobile apps & customized meal plansLEARN MORE
Stay on track with your company's pulse
Being informed about the wellbeing of your remote employees has never been easier. We help you predict & prevent possible performance drops.Adjust perks & budgets for each month - stay flexible.
START a free trial
Here is what our customers are saying
"I encourage every one at my company to take advantage of this wonderful benefit, and I hope that more companies offer this to their employees."
Djois F. Sronipah
CEO, Quicket.io
"As a true enabler of modern employee wellbeing, Olaf will take a market leadership position in the coming years."
Dimitri Shvets
Managing Partner, IG.VC
"Our team has enjoyed Olaf from the beginning and I'm truly happy that it allows us to see the broader picture of employee wellbeing in the company."
Eda Holmberg
Chief of People, Quantum Solutions
Enrich employee experience
Take care of your employees and they will take care of your businesssee our pricing
Perks
Mental Health
Financial Wellbeing
Fitness & Yoga
Nutrition
Hobbies
Household
Company
Blog
About
Pricing
FAQ
Contacts
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions
Olaf is a platform for businesses to book and manage health & wellbeing perks for employees in one place.
Meetolaf © 2021