onTrack – music city tours worldwide. discover the sound of your city
Skip to content
HomeAboutBePart 
ProjectSupportTeamHomeAboutBePart 
ProjectSupportTeam 
Discover The Sound Of The City
Get your digital guide for local music culture, launching soon for Android & iOS in Stuttgart
onTRACK – the music city platform
We connect local music history with their urban environment
and tell the story of their culture in an interactive, mobile tour an your mobile phone.
© 2019 Florian Müller
Discover The Sound Of Your City
How? With onTRACK.
TOUR CONTENT
Find personalized and diverse tours through the cities you’re exploring or living in. Discover all the exciting behind-the-scenes content to your favorite music connected to the city’s cultural history. Enjoy songs, videos and more multimedia content and feel the sound of the city. 
COMMUNITY
Be part of a community. Exchange and connect with likeminded people online AND offline. Tag your personal music spots and share your story!
EXPERIENCE
Let onTRACK give you an emotional experience, while you are exploring the urban music culture, getting in touch with the music history and discovering the sound of the city.
Be Part Of It! 
We are always looking for locals, artists, media, people interested in the city and also editors to work with!
Do you have stories that you want to place in a digital city tour?
Are you the owner of a club, bar, shop or similar? and want to include it?
Are you interested  in the topic e.g. as city representative and want to support us?
OR do you have other ideas? 
Get in touch with us.
hey@discoverontrack.com
© 2019 Florian Müller
We Are The Founders
Can someone of us help you?
© 2019 Florian Müller
Maraike Cordes
CEO & Co-Founder
With Maraike everything started. She had this idea for a long time and formed it during her Bachelor in Business Administration before she found fellows and the right environment during her master’s degree at the Popakademie. As the project manager, she has an overview of the various topics in terms of organization and content.
© 2019 Florian Müller
Asli Kaymaz
CEO & Co-Founder
With Asli the project picked up speed. With her Bachelor at the HdM Stuttgart and experience in music business she brought the right drive for the realization of the idea. As she is already deeply connected in the music scene and knows not only the how-to but also a great amount of music content she is into all the details.
© 2019 Florian Müller
Benjamin Rindt
CTO & Co-Founder
With Bennie the project started to become real. Being an app developer as well as being totally into the music scene by listening and playing, he connects music and tech as person – and also for us. He brings the app development on track with excitement for and knowhow of the project background.
Bringing Our Project To The World
Meet or follow us there!
News
For all the Reeperbahn Festival Attendees ✌️
Feel invited to listen in Aslis talk about the resonance of music, cities and people in the
Panel Experiencing Cities Via Music! (Thursday 10:10 AM)
Or join us Thursday 9:00 – 9:30 AM + Friday 5:00 – 6:00 PM in the
Music WorX Video Lounge!
Further, we are giving updates, input und more content now on onTRACK’s Instagram and you can connect with Asli about her talk via Linkedin:
Lately, we created a retrospective to capture our 2019 – the first startup year!
Have a look HERE.–
Schau HIER in die deutsche Version.
Thank You.
Our Support From the Start.
 
 
		© Copyright 2018 -  Impressum Datenschutz 
 
 
 
 
 