Home - Open Bank Project
 
 
Skip to content
 PRODUCTS Open Banking API PlatformBlockchain AirnodeSOLUTIONS PSD2 ComplianceBlockchain FinanceBlockchain BankingBlockchain ConsultingHackathonOpen Banking HackathonBlockchain HackathonAdvisory for Regulatory BodiesOBP TrainingECOSYSTEMSANDBOXESRESOURCES BlogReports & Case StudiesCONTACT US 
HomeBernat Font2023-01-29T23:19:40+00:00 
The leading Open API Platform for Banks
0 APIs0 Developers
 
Δ×
Kickstart your Open Banking Initiative
Pioneering Open Banking concepts, standards and technology since 2010, Open Bank Project is the global standard and open source API solution for Open Banking.
OBP has inspired and supports regional standards and frameworks such as UK Open Banking, STET and Berlin Group.
Drive fintech innovation
With over 11,000 developers and fintechs using the Open Bank Project, banks can tap into a global community of innovators who are keen to collaborate. For examples see our ecosystem page here.
Our technology was built with fintech developers in mind, giving them a superior experience and unparalleled access to tools and documentation to boost their productivity.
Enhance security & control
Control third-party relations using access control, monitoring, and authentication in the OBP API Manager. Decide which APIs to expose and to whom, and revoke access at any time.
The solution is deployed on-site behind the bank’s firewall, ensuring a level of security equal to or better than the bank’s current systems.
Test new services in the API Sandbox
Leverage a fully-operational and self-contained sandbox environment deployed in the cloud or on-site using test data. 
The OBP sandbox enables banks to offer an experimentation facility not connected to production systems (ideal for hackathons and prototyping). Developers can then engage in creative experimentation using a catalogue of over 550 pre-built APIs.
Simplify integration with your legacy
Using best-of-breed, functional and scalable technology, the Open Bank Project provides a set of pre-built connectors and adapters that integrate with core banking systems.
The overall architecture comprises modular building blocks which enable organisations to cherry-pick modules that best fit their requirements.
Comply with major Open Banking standards
OBP enables EU PSD2 compliance out-of-the-box, covering everything from payment initiation to Strong Customer Authentication (SCA). The platform also offers the ability to surface major industry standards such as Berlin Group, UK Open Banking, Mexican Open Finance, etc.
We commit to tracking regulatory changes and enhancing the platform accordingly, making the solution future-proof in terms of future Open Banking regulations in your country.
Powered by Open Source and a stellar international team
Open Bank Project is open source. This means organisations can access the latest source code at any time, benefit from the input of third party professionals and other banks and test the solution freely. For commercial use, our customers subscribe to a commercial licence which gives access to hardened security patches, proprietary connectors and enterprise support by the pioneers of the Open Banking movement.
Source codeOur APIs
Accounts
Access the user’s list of accounts and account information such as the balance.
Branches, ATMs
Access the list of branches and ATMs for the specified bank including geolocation and opening hours.
Transactions
Access the transaction history and metadata of accounts.
Metadata
Enrich transaction and counterparties with metadata including geolocations, comments, pictures and tags (e.g. category of spending).
Counterparties
Access the payers & payees of an account including metadata such as their aliases, labels, logos and home pages.
Webhooks
Enable customer meetings, messages and video conferencing for KYC and CRM operations (uses third party video streaming).
Onboarding and KYC
Perform user, customer and account creation. Access Know Your Customer (KYC) documents, media and KYC status.
API Roles, Metrics and Documentation
Enable account holders to grant fine-grained access to third-party users and applications, get API metrics and documentation.
Payments and transaction requests
Initiate transfers. View and confirm charges (as per PSD2).
Search Warehouse
Perform advanced searches and statistics queries on the data warehouse.
Dynamic Endpoints
Quickly create endpoints using Swagger / Open API specification files.
Our Clients
Start innovating today.
Contact
 
 
 Open Bank Project empowers financial institutions of all sizes to rapidly and securely enhance their digital offerings by leveraging a set of pre-built banking APIs and a global ecosystem of 3rd party applications and services.
 
Professional ServicesOpen Banking API Platform
PSD2
Open Banking Hackathon
Training
 
Our CommunityEvents & News
Our Partners
Reports
FAQ
 
TESOBEAbout
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Brand Assets
Jobs
 
 
 
 
		© Copyright 2017 -  | All Rights Reserved | Sitemap | Powered by TESOBE 
FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInGithubVimeo
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page load link
 
Go to Top