Opinary | We ask the right questions
    
Brands
Our Solutions
Our Tools & Ad Formats
Success Stories
Publishers
Why Opinary?
Our Tools & Examples
Success Stories
FAQs
About Us
About Us
Press
Blog
Careers
Contact
Login
 
 Select Page 
    
Free Consultation 
WE ARE OPINARY
We drive curiosity by asking the right questions
Our technology helps global brands and respected publishers to reach, understand & convert their target audiences.Find out moreContact Us 3 
Our partners
 
OPINARY FOR BRANDS Advertising that doesn’tfeel like advertising​ Our instantly recognisable voting tools help global brands reach over 125 million users by simply asking the right questions within our premium publisher network. Learn More
 
OPINARY FOR PUBLISHERS Every relationship startswith a conversation We are used by the world’s most respected publishers use to start conversations with their audiences at scale, and to understand, monetize and convert engagement into actionable 1st Party Data. Learn More
 
THE RESULTS  What clients are saying about us 
 
“Users love to engage, because they get relevant information with one click. Opinary‘s performance was impressive – 10x better than classical advertisement.”
Senol Kasapoglu Media & Marketing,Toyota
 
“The Opinary poll is consistently the most clicked link in Red Box, often 15-20% of those readers who open Red Box end up clicking through to the poll.”
Matt Chorley Newsletter Editor,The Times
 
“With Opinary we have a solution that is just as interesting from an editorial view, as from a marketing perspective.”
Dimitri Antonissen Editor-in-chiefHLN
 
WE ARE HIRING Join the Opinary crowd You’ll join a venture-funded team in Berlin with a deep passion for driving participation and engagement across the open web. We let users run the debate with just one simple tap and create deep impact from it. Open positions
 
Brands Success stories Our toolsTerms of use
Publishers Success stories Examples FAQs
Company About Us Blog Careers
Contact
FollowFollowFollowFollow
 
Brands Success stories Our toolsTerms of use
Publishers Success stories Examples FAQs
Company About Us Blog Careers
Contact  FollowFollowFollowFollow 
© 2021 Opinary. All rights reserved
Imprint | Privacy Policy