Oreltech
 
Home
About
Products
Technology
Plating on plastics
Blog
News
FAQ
Contact
 SOLUTIONS FOR FUNCTIONAL METAL COATINGS 
From printed flexible sensors to catalytic surfaces and medical-grade coatings: 
  ORELTECH’s metallization liquids and curing technology are developed to enhance surfaces with functionality, 
  and to deliver a sustainable and cost-effective solution wherever precious metals are needed.
ORELTECH: It’s more than conductive ink… It’s expertise in functional coating efficiency! 
      
        We are one of the leading innovators and experts in metallization liquids. Through years 
        of research and development, we created a range of outstanding metal coating products that 
        add functional layers to printed electronics, medical devices, 
        and other high-tech products and industrial applications – while producing less waste and 
        consuming up to 95% less energy during the process!
      
TAKE YOUR PRODUCTION TO THE FUTURE
        Optimized for sustainable manufacturing processes
      
ORELTECH metal coatings are one of the most sustainable solutions on the market – because they 
        are developed with a focus on a more efficient and streamlined production. To achieve flawless 
        integration, we offer co-development services for optimizing your processing and application line. 
        Your benefit: customized solution with added value and efficiency from process to product while lowering your environmental impact.
      
        Value beyond the surface
      
        Whether it is about optimizing material efficiency or the development of highly innovative products, 
        we at ORELTECH are committed to adding value to your product - from first application tests to 
        the final high volume production.
      
OUR TECHNOLOGY THRIVES IN THESE APPLICATIONS:
          Flexible & transparent electrodes 
          OLEDs
          PCBs
          Capacitive sensors
          Chips on paper
          EMI shielding
        
Printed electronics
          Catalytic materials (metal-enriched powder, mesh, foam) 
          Antibacterial products
          Filters
          Fuel cells
          Batteries
        
Catalytics & antibacterial
          Biosensors and Biochips (Au, Pt)
          Printed medical sensors
          Medical grade coatings (Au, Pt)
          Neuroelectronics
        
Medical grade layers
          Protective coatings
          Coating of plastics, incl. complex 3D shapes
          Product copy protection
          Transparent functional coatings
        
Coating & plating of plastics
          Sensors on fabric
          Electrodes on fabric
          Conductive fabrics
          Leather applications
          Wearables
        
Fabrics &  Smart Textiles
BENEFITS OF OUR TECHNOLOGY
Particle-free
ORELTECH metallization liquids do not contain nanoparticles. That is why they have superior printability, 
      allowing you to move away from subtractive processes.
Low temperature
Curing with plasma allows a nearly unlimited choice of substrates – especially temperature-sensitive ones. 
      You can save up to 95% electrical energy with plasma treatment.
Pure metal layers
Metal layers prepared with ORELTECH technology are pure without organic traces and possess superior material 
      properties such as conductivity or catalytic activity.
Customizable
Bespoke is the standard for us. It’s very common that we tailor our formulation to match your specific substrate 
      and product requirements.
Sustainable product
Producing and using ORELTECH metallization liquids is virtually waste-free and low energy. 
      This helps make your production more sustainable and achieve your CO2 goals.
Process economy
Most of our customers find that the ORELTECH process is surprisingly economical. It requires low investment and 
      low running costs for energy and gas.
HOW WE WORK WITH YOU
Working with ORELTECH gives you value beyond the surface. ORELTECH is solution developer for both proven products and new ideas. 
        When you partner with us, we provide following services:
      
We  co-develop your product with you and assist with all our expertise in metallization. 
Bespoke is the rule rather than the exception. We draw on many years of experience and a large library of liquid formulations to customize the optimal formulation for your specs and substrate. 
From first feasibility tests to fine-tuning mass production, we keep all development steps transparent and modular so you stay in the driver’s seat at all times.
We support in assessing and optimizing TCO for your use of ORELTECH technology early in our collaboration so you can make the right decisions.
We are satisfied when you master our technology in your production – we support process design, give guidance on investment into equipment and provide training. 
When you work with us, you benefit from our network of partners in coating and printing, plasma, prototyping, small batch production and much more.
      Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
    
OUR TECHNOLOGY
ORELTECH technology enables simple, direct, and fast deposition of metal coatings. OTech conductive inks and 
        plating solutions are cured with safe, low-temperature plasma technology, leaving  no chemical  waste behind. 
         Our technology consists of two simple steps: 
Step 1: Printing/Coating
 
Step 2: Plasma curing
 
Pure metal layer
HAVE AN IDEA FOR A PRODUCT? CONTACT US TODAY.
OUR PRODUCTS
ORELTECH metallization liquids based on precious metals are suitable for various applications, 
    ranging from printed electronics to coatings of 3D components. 
    We divide our range of products in two main categories: 
    OTECH CONDUCTIVE INKS and OTECH COATING SOLUTIONS.
All our products are metallized using a fast and simple cold plasma process, introducing big cuts on energy 
    costs and processing time in comparison to thermal processing. 
    You can apply our products using inkjet printing, aerosol spray, slot die, or dip dye deposition methods.
You can also rest easily knowing that our products are produced efficiently and sustainably, utilizing low-energy, low-waste processes.
Currently, OTech metallization liquids are available with silver, gold, platinum, and 
    palladium . Other metals (iridium, copper) 
    can be developed upon request. Have a look at our full range of products on our Product page.
CONDUCTIVE INKS
COATING SOLUTIONS
I agree to OrelTech's Privacy Policy
 
OrelTech GmbH
				Rudower Chaussee 29
				12489 Berlin
        Germany
			
[email protected]
[email protected]
© OrelTech GmbH 2023
Privacy Statement
Impressum