PANALIS: Policy Monitoring for US and Stakeholder Management
International Support: +49 69 153 22 76 – 0
REQUEST A DEMO
CUSTOMER LOGIN
DE
EU
FR
AT
IT
  
 
 
HOME
PRODUCTS
Overview
Policy Monitoring
PANALIS One
SERVICES
ABOUT US
CONTACT
 
Select Page
  
 
 
 
US Policy Monitoring
Stakeholder Management
 
 
 
The Software Platform for Policy Relevant Use Cases
 
					
					 
				
Request a trial!
 
facebook
LinkedIn
twitter
 
 
 
 
Our Products
 
					
					 
				
Discover
					EU
				
 
US Policy Monitoring and Stakeholder Management
 
					
					 
				
Find out more
 
PANALIS Policy Monitoring
 
An innovative platform for issue tracking in US with reliable information, analysis, and reports. Made for your global Policy Management.
Find out more →
 
 
PANALIS Predictive Analytics
 
Plan based on the intelligent analysis of over 100 million data to identify regulatory risks for your Business.
Find out more →
 
 
Policy Dashboard
 
Do you want real-time evaluations? With our adaptive dashboards, you can compile your own analysis based on the PANALIS Cloud.
Find out more →
 
 
 
 
Management Summary
 
No time for your own research? With Management Summary you get all relevant information in weekly reports.
Find out more →
 
 
PANALIS One
 
Your professional all-in-one solution for the early detection of issues and laws including monitoring and contact management as well as individualized reports.
Find out more →
 
 
PANALIS Services
 
We accompany your digital transformation process with intelligent workshops, training, and individual consulting.
Find out more →
 
 
 
 
The innovative Softwareplatform
 
 
 
PANALIS’ mission is to provide information from parliamentary and non-parliamentary sources for issues and stakeholder management. Through intelligent algorithms, we can evaluate the information at an early stage, so that you maintain a maximum overview despite the constant influx and polarization of political issues. 
 
 
 
It is more than to track information
 
Experience how PANALIS enables you to proficiently and successfully track political issues of interest
 
 
 
 
 
Discover how you can use PANALIS to monitor and manage political, social and economic issues equally.
 
					
					 
				
Discover products
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parliaments, Stakeholders and Media Sources in more than 70 Countries
 
 
 
 
 
 
… furthermore Issues and Stakeholder from over 70 countries
 
 
					250,000 +
Sources
 
 
 
 
					Analyze and track Policy and Stakeholder efficiently.
 
 
 

Over 250,000 sources
							PANALIS Monitoring combines various channels that provides you with faster, more secure access to a pre-parliamentary areas, stakeholders, and news sources from countries in Europe such as: Germany, Austria, and Switzerland.
 
 
 

Issue Management 
Create your focus topic as a search request. Monitor, analyze, and share relevant publications, developments, and changes. For professional issue management, use the intelligent filter and tools.
 
 
 

Stakeholder Management
							Identify the position of stakeholders. Our efficient search engine operates faster than RSS and various databases and reads all publications using various sources.
 
 
 

Collaboration
							Comment and share publications and ideas together and interdepartmental with the team or with the organization. PANALIS Monitoring is your safe connection in any location, whether in the office or en route using your smartphone.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PANALIS Newsletter
  
 Subscribe to Newsletter 
 
By submitting this form you accept our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
     Follow us      |      |     IMPRESSUM/IMPRINT | DATENSCHUTZ/PRIVACY | KONTAKT/CONTACT | REGISTRIERUNG/REGISTRATION  Copyright © 2023 PANALIS Solutions GmbH. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 