Pharos Solutions | Custom Software Development Company
 
 
Close
About UsTechnologiesClients TestimonialsSkoolixCareersContact Us
 +49 711 219 526 35 info@pharos-solutions.deEN
 Language ENDE
Software Development Company
Pharos Solutions is a software service provider for web applications and mobile apps and supports companies from various industries in app development and digitization.
Our software development competencies
Application Services Empower your business with custom Mobile apps, Web Applications, and Digitalization services precisely tailored to your needs. We lead the entire development process, offering our clients a full-cycle from ideation and concept to delivery and ongoing support.
Team Extension Speed up the development process with the minimum commitment on your side with Pharos Solutions’ Team Extension Model. We provide a stable team of highly-qualified developers on hourly or monthly basis so that you can focus on your core business. Empower your business with our dedicated software developers who will follow your company’s development practices, methodologies, and culture.
Offshore Team Looking for long-term software developers with a specific skill set for your project? Build up  your dream team of software developers. Keep in-house-like control, cut down project costs and increase development speed with our offshore team formation services. With Pharos Solutions, say goodbye to that costly and lengthy recruitment process and the paperwork hassle of on-site hiring.
 Looking for a custom software development firm? Contact usGet a free quotationGet a free quotationGet a free quotation
How we work We provide a full development cycle and we can also assist you with your existing product development and maintenance.
01 Gathering Requirements 
01 Gathering Requirements 
We help you analyze your app requirements, crystallize your idea and set goals with success criteria for your project.
 
02 Design & Prototyping 
02 Design & Prototyping 
We define the overall project architecture and create a fundamental visual guide along with clickable prototypes.
 
03 Application Development 
03 Application Development 
During the development, your project is subject to constant review to ensure excellent code quality right from the start.
 
04 Testing & Quality Assurance 
04 Testing & Quality Assurance 
With ongoing testing through the entire development lifecycle, we ensure high-quality deliverables and an optimal end-user experience.
 
05 Deployment & Publishing 
05 Deployment & Publishing 
We handle the packaging, configuration, and installation of your web and mobile apps. In the end, your project is live and ready for its users.
 
06 Maintenance & Support 
06 Maintenance & Support 
We provide dedicated software maintenance for whatever changing needs of your business and to keep your applications up-to-date.
 
Some of our Customers
See MoreSee MoreSee More
Our promise
High-Quality
Ease of Communication
Cost-Efficiency
Your Success Partner
Full Development Cycle
Knowledge is our power
See MoreSee MoreSee More
What our customers say about us
David MagenheimProject Manager - Papershift
Working together with Pharos Solutions doesn't feel like working with an agency: They are part of our team. They perfectly understand our business requirements, have high technical skills in addition to great communication and an exceptional understanding of responsibility. We truly recommend working with them.
Dr. Günther HasenkampHead of Cultural Programs - Goethe-Institut Cairo
Pharos Solutions always proves impressive cooperation especially when it comes to distinct ideas and really accurate reliable implementation. What they deliver always works perfectly, too! Furthermore, the friendly smooth communication is definitely a priceless advantage. It`s really a pleasure working with Pharos!
Maged MofeedIT Manager - Al Ahram Beverages Company - Heineken Egypt
Thanks to their professionalism and ownership, Pharos Solutions has been able to provide us with highly innovative and reliable solutions. Their effective understanding for business needs makes Pharos Solutions a valuable partner to us.
Marek WoznyCo-Founder Immofred UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
In our start-up phase, it was important for us to have a development partner under German law and on an equal footing. Pharos' DDT approach enabled us to build up our "own" team with sufficient scalability. Furthermore, I can only recommend mutual visits in Germany and Alexandria. Great team and very committed to their tasks.
Martin DeutschCEO Tut-All Software GmbH
Pharos Solutions is playing a big role in the TutAll Software development. I really appreciate their uncomplicated cooperation and reliable implementation of specifications.
Martin SchmidtCEO Onestop Concept IT-Consulting GmbH
Outsourcing an isolated part of a big project to Pharos Solutions was challenging. Despite the project complexity, there was smooth cooperation all along. Pharos developers proved their accuracy and on time reaching of milestones. We can definitely count on Pharos Solutions' resources and look forward to future projects together.
Saleh AlGannasCo-founder & CEO
You made us proud of our startup! It's not only your efforts to achieve our vision and implement our requirements, but Pharos goes the extra mile to work with us on filling the gaps. It's a pleasure to have a technical partner who had important inputs regarding our business model, business requirements, and customer experience.
All Reviews
All Reviews
All Reviews
Do you need software development experts? Contact us now and request a free quotation for your software development requirements.
 
Name*
Email Address*
Phone number
Your message
Send
Send
Send
 
 
Pharos Solutions
About Us
Our Customers
Technologies
Careers
Data Security
Legal Notice
Follow us
Contact Germany
Katrin Gaedke-Weberruß
 katrin.gaedke@pharos-solutions.de
  Auf dem Graben 21
71111 Waldenbuch
 +49 711 219 526 35
Contact Egypt
Magui Samir Georges
 magui.samir@pharos-solutions.de
  90 Fawzi Moaz St.
Smouha Alexandria
 +2034243787
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
 