Amateur Football Online Player Exchange ⚽ | POACHER
Primary Menu Home
Product
About
Partners
Login
Register
English
Deutsch
 
 
By footballers for footballers
POACHER makes scouting in amateur football possible – digitally. Are you looking for a club in your area or do you want to take the next step? Or your team is still missing new players for the next season? On the POACHER football player exchange platform, clubs and players find each other. Finally, the digital football transfer market is also available from the regional and district leagues. Have a look now!
Register
 
By footballers for footballers
POACHER makes scouting in amateur football possible – digitally. Are you looking for a club in your area or do you want to take the next step? Or your team is still missing new players for the next season? On the POACHER football player exchange platform, clubs and players find each other. Finally, the digital football transfer market is also available from the regional and district leagues. Have a look now!
Register
 
That’s what POACHER does:
present, communicate, rise
We ourselves have experienced how difficult it can be for amateur footballers to find a suitable club. And we know that regional or district league clubs do not have it as easy in scouting as the professionals from the national league. That’s exactly why we developed POACHER, the digital football player exchange platform that brings players and coaches together on a regional level. This simplifies access to the football transfer market and gets you further! Our motto is: Present, communicate, rise.
POACHER for clubs: Player scouting with ease
Register
Finally, scouting in amateur football is becoming digital, transparent and accessible. Is your club looking for a new midfield player? Or do you need a new keeper who can play at least at upper league level? Use our filters to search for specific players for your team and get an overview of available players from the regional league to the district league. Searching for players has never been so easy and time-saving. See for yourself and expand your team.
POACHER for players: Find your right club
Register
Making contact with football clubs is not always easy, is it? That’s all going to change now. No more searching in vain, through POACHER you can easily find clubs with open squad positions, whether at regional or district league level. Present your skills on the player exchange platform, exchange information with other players and make contact with interested officials and coaches. So you can soon show what you are capable of on the pitch!
The POACHER App is online!
We have been working towards this for a long time and now the time has finally come. We are online!
Download the app now from the Apple Store and start playing amateur soccer with POACHER. And for all Android users – stay tuned, we will launch our Android app soon.
TEAM
POACHER is for footballers by footballers.
We know what information is really important when searching for clubs and players and are constantly developing
our player exchange platfrom to ensure that your transfer will be successful. Who plays in our team? Here is our line-up:
Marcel Andrijanic, Noel Below, Yannik Jaeschke
Partners & Network
With the support of our partners, we offer you a platform that creates a connection between amateur footballers and clubs. As a well-rehearsed team, things simply work better.
Known from
Amateur football on a whole new level
Until now, transfers in amateur football have not always been easy. Many motivated players who would like to be active in a higher league do not get a chance because open squad positions are not known or contact with the clubs’ officials is not established. On the other hand, coaches and scouts lack an overview of which players are playing in other leagues and would be just the right addition to their team. Especially on the amateur level, many of the people in charge work on a voluntary basis. Time and money for scouting is therefore often scarce.
So that these challenges no longer stand in the way of players and clubs, we have created POACHER. With meaningful profiles, you can introduce yourself, communicate with like-minded people and, above all, make contacts. Thanks to specific search filters and settings, football scouting is now also possible on the amateur level in a simple and time-saving way.
The most important thing for us is that players give their all on the pitch, find a team in which they can prove their talent – and that teams enjoy playing together and have success on the pitch.
BECOME PART OF THE COMMUNITY!
Join 
FAQ
Frequently asked questions and our answers:
Is the use of POACHER free of charge for clubs?
YES! The clubs can use the entire product including all functions free of charge!
What profile versions are available at POACHER and what does it cost?
1. player profile: you can register for free at POACHER and use an existing range of features. If you want to use additional extra features, you can upgrade to the premium version. The costs for POACHER Premium are between 3,95 € and 6,95 € per month, depending on the duration.
2. club and team profile: free of charge in all functionality
3. company profile: free of charge
What functions does POACHER offer?
Player profile: You can create your player profile and write your performance data, your career and e.g. a short info about you. You can be contacted by clubs at any time and have all the other functions that are available in the basic version. In addition, you have the possibility to purchase the following premium features: setting of the contact traffic light, setting of your transfer status, possibility to contact clubs directly, etc.
Club profile: As already mentioned, POACHER is free of charge for clubs and teams in complete functionality: contact players directly, find players with the help of the detailed search, set the contact traffic light, put players on the watchlist, maintain your own team, create job ads, etc.
Company profile: You can register for free at POACHER and let the POACHER community consume your news. Generate more reach and expand your awareness.
Can I download the POACHER app from the app store?
The POACHER app is now available for download in the App Store. Click here for a direct download. Soon, the POACHER app will also be available in the Google Play Store. Stay tuned!
Start now! 
  
	
	
Contact 
Address:
POACHER Sports GmbH
In der Taufe 7
D-51427 Bergisch Gladbach
Email: info@poacher-sports.de
Imprint
Privacy policy
Terms
 
2021© POACHER Sports