  Pockethost - Instant Minecraft Server Hosting ⚡   
      Skip to content   About UsSupportBlogENESFRDE  MenuAbout UsSupportBlogENESFRDE   Log In    Premium Game Server.Top Performance.Get Your Server now.Start your first game server in less than 30 seconds. It's fast, easy and a 100% perfect fit for your gaming style.   Get Your Server Now   Your Premium Game Server.Top Performance.Get Your Server now.Start your first game server in less than 30 seconds.Fast, easy and a100% fit for your gaming style.      Get the app  Choose your Game.Minecraft Bedrock starting from
$0.04 / hour  TRY FOR FREE Terraria starting from
$0.04 / hour  TRY FOR FREE Minecraft Java starting from
$0.04 / hour  TRY FOR FREE Ark Evolved starting from
$0.08 / hour  SIGN UP SOONSons of the Forest starting from
$0.08 / hour  SIGN UP SOONDune: Awakening starting from
$0.06 / hour  SIGN UP SOON⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"Finally! A host without monthly costs but high quality, good ping and no lags. It's super easy to start and stop the server and manage it together with friends."~AbysSMines⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"Love the design, it's super easy to create a server and you can choose your own name for it. The support was great."~Philipp R.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"Nice host, I use it for my minecraft server. It's cool that you can select server performance with every start, so with more friends just select a bigger size."~TimMineR⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐"Best host. Much cheaper than all the monthly rental hosts and the tech specs of the servers are the same, so perfect combination for me."~RemmmyRolls20⭐⭐⭐⭐"Great servers, I have three with different friend groups. The support always helps if we have problems with a plugin. I would like to see more competitions on discord."~Tr@ppy12  Previous  Next > 0 Global Downloads  0 %Average Uptime  0 %Flexibility for our Users FAST. EASY. FLEXIBLE.Creating your own server has never been easier.Your own game server takes the experience of your favorite games to the next level! That’s why we focused on making the creation of your own game server as fast and easy as possible. 3 simple clicks and you’re ready to go!TOGETHER WITH FRIENDS.Invite your friends.Your own game server enables you to play with all your friends. You can send them an invite to your server and grant them access roles on your server. Also, everybody can chip in to start and stop your server.  FOR CASUAL AND POWER USERS.Flexible options for all users.Gaming can get stressy, hosting doesn’t have to be. You can either use your game server on-demand or keep it running 24/7 – it’s up to you. The game servers are charged on an hourly basis. For power users there’s also subscriptions that will grant you special benefits and your game server will stay online 24/7.FAST. EASY. ON-DEMAND.Creating your own server has never been easier.Your own game server gives you the chance to experience your favorite games together with your friends. That’s why we focused on making the creation of your own game server as fast and easy as possible. 3 simple clicks and you’re ready to go!TOGETHER WITH FRIENDS.Invite your friends.Your own game server enables you to play with all your friends. You can send them an invite to your server and grant them access roles on your server. Also, everybody can chip in to start and stop your server.FOR CASUAL AND POWER USERS.Flexible options for all users.Gaming can get stressy, hosting doesn’t have to be. You can either use your game server on-demand or keep it running 24/7 – it’s up to you. The game servers are charged on an hourly basis. For power users there’s also subscriptions that will grant you special benefits and your server will be online 24/7.Gameservers are for everyone.     On-Demand or 24/7  Use token on-demand or run the server 24/7 with a subscription – you choose. You can also switch between the two.     Maximum Flexibility  Free subdomains, locations around the world and a powerful control pannel make customization easy.     With friends  Invite your friends in the app and grant them access rights so they can help manage the server.     Instant Server Setup  No hoster provides servers as fast as we do. Choose your game, choose your server name and you're ready to go.     Great UI & Support  We focus on user experience to make your server setup as smooth as possible. Our support always assists you.     Savegame Backup  We create auto backups for you free. Even when you're taking a break from your server - we keep your savegame.     DDos Protection  We work with strong technical partners to ensure unbeatable DDoS Protection and safe storage of your backups.     Plugin-Support  You can either choose plugins from our large plugin catalog in the app or upload your own custom plugins.     Shape the App  You wish for other games or features? We develop based on your feedback. Get in touch with us and let us know.FAQs      How do I get OP rights in Minecraft? Go to the console of the server and enter “op (name)” -> (name) = your Microsoft name. If the Microsoft name contains a space, use the following spelling for the command: op “my name”. The player must be online on the server, otherwise the command will not work.There’s also an auto-op mode, you can enable it in the server start screen. Then the first person to join the server will automatically gain operator rights. Here’s a video Tutorial:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syiDaVkCLo4&start      Why don't animals spawn on my server? Minecraft Pocketmine does not support animals. Bedrock and Java servers have more vanilla features like animals, so you might want to switch servers.      How can I add minigames? In the plugins list there is a category “minigames”. Select the desired minigame, restart the server and the minigame is on it.      How to turn on coordinates in Minecraft? Go to the console of your server once it’s online and enter “/gamerule showcoordinates true”.  Stay tuned. Subscribe to our newsletter.      Email       Send     Pockethost GmbHPaul-Bönner-Straße 1868723 PlankstadtGermanycompany@pockethost.net   Envelope      Youtube      Instagram   Company  About Us      Support      Press      Partners      Tools Policies  Imprint   Terms   Privacy Blog  Minecraft   Games   News   Tutorials Copyright © 2023 Pockethost   EN EN DE FR ES           