PrepLounge.com | Land Your Dream Job in Consulting
Sign up for free
Case Practice
Your PrepPlan
Case Partner
Premium Prep
Coaching
Coaches
Coaching Packages
Coaching Cockpit
Resources
Content
Case Interview Basics
Case Library
Tests & Guides
Consulting Frameworks
Consulting Blog
Tools
Mental Math Tool
Stress Questions
Case Interview Exercises
Structuring Drills
Logical Reasoning Drills
Numerical Reasoning Drills
Brainteaser
Consultancies
Consulting Q&A
Login
Sign up for free
Case Interview
Why PrepLounge
Success Stories
Case Practice
																Your PrepPlan
															
																Case Partner
															
																Premium Prep
															
Coaching
																Coaches
															
																Coaching Packages
															
																Coaching Cockpit
															
Resources
Content
																Case Interview Basics
															
																Case Library
															
																Tests & Guides
															
																Consulting Frameworks
															
																Consulting Blog
															
Tools
																Mental Math Tool
															
																Stress Questions
															
																Case Interview Exercises
															
																Structuring Drills
															
																Logical Reasoning Drills
															
																Numerical Reasoning Drills
															
																Brainteaser
															
Consultancies
Consulting Q&A
Login
Sign up for free
 
Get Your Dream Job Offer in Consulting With PrepLounge
                    PrepLounge brings together aspiring management consultants from around the world to practice for their case interviews. We offer interactive content and personalized training plans that will get you closer to your dream job at a top consultancy.
                
Get started for free
Already have an account? Log in here
Get started for free
            Your first name
                
            Your email address
                
            Your password
                
                            Yes, I would like to be informed about new cases, exciting jobs, relevant events and selected employers. I explicitly consent to receiving the newsletter and I know I can unsubscribe at any time.
                    
        By creating an account I confirm that I agree to PrepLounge's Terms of Use. Please read our Privacy Policy.
    
Sign up for free
Sign up via                                     
Already registered? Log in here
Our Network
Benefit From Our Network
Benefit From Our Global Network of Leading Consulting Firms
Get Your Dream Job Offer With PrepLounge
                        Self-study
                    
                        Get access to the case library, framework articles and further resources and tools.
                    
                        Practice
                    
                        Improve your performance through meetings with other candidates and coachings with top consultants.
                    
                        Get the offer
                    
                        Be optimally prepared for your interview day and maximize your chance to get the offer.
                    
Get started for free
See How Happy Candidates Are With PrepLounge
Our members say Excellent
 4.5 out of 5 based on 794 reviews
 
                                                                                                    
                                March 31, 2020 by Marvin
                            It prepared me best for my Interview and the best thing was, that I was able to practice so much cases with other people. Great experience which I would recommend everyone applying for a consulting firm. I will definitely upgrade my account for the next application!
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                March 31, 2020 by Ashley
                            I've witnessed so many improvements I made in case interviews with the help of Preplounge! Very useful platform to find case partners and sharpen your interview skills. I also found the studying materials and the coaching sessions on the platform really helpful.
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                April 01, 2020 by Ashish
                            Preplounge has prepared me to tackle the job interviews, which consist of case studies. I was a novice when I started the case handling, but with the help of various articles and structured methodology of Preplounge, I got way better and learned a few tricks. I am applying for opportunities in the Consulting firms, and I am sure that I will crack the case which will come to my way. The only way to get better in case solving is... Practice, Practice and more Practice.
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                April 03, 2020 by Gianmarco
                            Personally I did the 6-week premium subscription and, to be honest, it turned out to be a really good investment! Over 140 great quality cases available, but above all, the possibility to make hundreds of cases with other candidates and not just 6 meetings. Also many other additional services and products. I think I will extend my premium period! Very useful really recommended!
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                May 05, 2020 by Alexander
                            Through Preplounge Premium, I have been able to hone my casing skills and meet some truly exceptional people. It has been the biggest boon to my learning experience by far and has, without a doubt, been an exceptional investment.
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                October 21, 2021 by Mohsen
                            Preplounge has been very helpful with my preparation for consulting interviews. It's easy to use and it seamlessly connects you with bright individuals around the world who are in the same place as you to prepare you for the real interview.
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                December 01, 2021 by Sarah
                            The prep lounge premium membership has been a really valuable preparation tool for me to get ready for consulting interviews. Prep lounge offers unlimited meetings with case partners, a database of practice cases, frameworks, and videos, as well as tools like mental math. I can highly recommend!
                        
 
                                                                                                    
                                December 01, 2021 by Mariana
                            PrepLounge prepared me very well for my consulting interviews. What I liked most about it, is the meeting board, where I was able to practice cases with other people. I will definitely use it again when interviewing for another consulting firm :)
                        
Our Recipe for Your Case Prep Success
Would you like to become a management consultant at a renowned consultancy like McKinsey, BCG or Bain? Then you have come to the right place! Prepare for your case interview with PrepLounge and land your dream job!
                            403.000+
                        
                            like-minded candidates to practice interactive cases with
                        
                            190+
                        
                            cases with detailed solutions for interactive or self-practice
                        
                            560+
                        
                            experienced case coaches
                        
                            240+
                        
                            different nationalities of candidates
                        
                            11+
                        
                            years of concentrated experience in interview preparation
                        
                            80+
                        
                            hours of exclusive video tutorials
                        
Get started for free
                Sign up for free and get access to limited or completely free content such as 6 practice interviews with peers, selected cases, video case solutions, and video tutorials, case interview exercises, mental math & more!
            
Start your case prep
13.220+ Career Questions Answered by Our Coaches
McKinsey hierarchy: What are the different position levels?
                                The traditional track at McKinsey from bottom to top is Analyst > Associate > Engagement Manager > Associate Partner > Partner. Moving from one position to the next normally takes 1 to 3 years. Each one of the previous role develops from Junior to Senior (e.g. from Junior analyst to Senior analyst).
                            
Jacopo
BCG, Kearney, Vistaprint, Bain & Company
Can I get into McKinsey? If so, which position should I consider applying for?
                                Your career sounds very interesting! In general, the criteria McKinsey is looking at for business students are the following: 1) Being among the top 5% in Bachelor or/and Master degree; 2) Type of business school/university; 3) International experience; 4) Professional experience; 5) Any social activities
                            
Giulia
Goeller Consulting & Coaching, McKinsey & Company
How to build up confidence and look smart and sharp in a consultant role?
                                Building confidence is always a tough thing in consulting where everyone is super smart around you. My 2 pieces of advice are: 1) Focus on your strengths. What makes you unique? 2) Don't ask for permission, ask for forgiveness. It reflects the leadership and ownership mindset that you have to possess.
                            
Réka
Coursera, McKinsey & Company
How to answer: Why consulting? Why McKinsey/BCG/Bain?
                                1) Be specific; 2) Make sure your answers reflect what matters as a consultant; 3) Don't focus on the glamorous aspects of the job; 4) Mention instances where you think consulting has had a big impact on a company or industry and why this is important to your decision making process.
                            
Udayan
eBay, McKinsey & Company
How to answer: Give me a reason why I should not put you on a project!
                                This is a great/tricky question! It's a disguised "weakness" question :) The key here is two-fold: 1) Your weakness isn't really quite a weakness in the right context (e.g. I get really committed and sometimes forget to take care of myself); 2) You've learned (from some interesting experience) how to tame the weakness.
                            
Ian
Boston Consulting Group, Appian Corporation
Market sizing case: How many petrol stations are there in the US?
                                There are many different ways one can approach this problem. I typically approach this following way: 1) What is the total demand for gas stations?; 2) What is the demand for one gas station?; 3) -> Find the total number of gas stations.
                            
Deniz
BCG, A.T. Kearney
How to answer: What are your weaknesses?
                                For all the fit interview questions, it is important to have a proper structure to apply in the answer. A good framework would be the following: 1) Say which is a "good" weakness, that is, a weakness which is not a red flag; 2) Say what you are doing to improve it.
                            
Francesco
BCG
What do consultancies expect to read in my CV?
                                Use a simple, yet powerful CV plan: education, professionnal experience, projects and business games (optional), additional capabilities (languages, technology, extracurricular). Keep it simple: Two colours maximum. Highlight the important parts. Do not mess with bold and italic.
                            
Norah
BCG
Has anyone tried the new McKinsey Imbellus Problem Solving Game? Any tips/lessons learnt?
                                If you are into video games, you are in luck! If not, it might be a time to start. Candidates report that the Imbellus assessment reminds them of the popular category of “tower defense” games, in particular, Kingdom Rush and Planet Zoo.
                            
Ben
Strategy&, McKinsey & Company
McKinsey final round: What to watch out for?
                                As an ex-Mckinsey consultant and part of recruiting team, here is my perspective: Keep the following things in mind while preparing for the Partner interview: 1) Better synthesis and conclusions; 2) Comfort with less structured case discussion; 3) Consistent stories and deep dives.
                            
Gaurav
McKinsey & Company
How's life like as a Partner vs an Engagement Manager vs an Associate?
                                Here are my thoughts on travel: 1) Associate & EM: Usually, traveling engagements would make you be out from Monday morning to Thursday nights. Occasionally more for workshops; 2) Partner: Much more travel expected, not only to touch base with the different teams but also to attend client events, etc.
                            
Clara
Instituto de Empresa Business School, Amazon, McKinsey & Company
Is it always important to have a structure when being asked a specific brainstorming question?
                                A good structure doesn't need to be rigid. What matters is that you capture the key aspects of the issue, which requires you to be flexible and customise as needed. The branches in your structure can totally include creative ideas. You just need to get your creativity communicated in a structured way.
                            
Tan
BCG
Our Partner Universities
Frequently Asked Questions
					Why should aspiring business consultants use PrepLounge to prepare for their interview?
					
					Each year, more than 700,000 students apply globally for an internship or full-time position in a management consulting firm – with offer rates well below 10%. Competition for an offer from a top-tier consultancy is fierce and all candidates are willing to prepare extensively for the interview sessions. PrepLounge offers you the material and the contacts to advance your preparations for the case interview and to be a decisive step ahead of the competition.
				
					What resources will I have access to on PrepLounge?
					
					In order to reach your full-potential during the real interview, you'll need to prepare in many different areas. At PrepLounge, you’ll gain access to the biggest collection of materials and resources on real case interviews: Schedule practice interviews with other peers and coaches from all over the worldMake use of a vast collection of over 180 cases in the Case LibraryStudy business concepts and frameworks in the Case Interview Basics or via Video TutorialsUse the Mental Math Tool, Stress Questions, Exercises and additional tests to sharpen your skills
					Are there any hidden costs when using PrepLounge?
					
					No, there are no hidden costs on PrepLounge. If you sign up for free, you will have immediate access to a lot of practice content and can conduct twelve mock interviews with other candidates. If you want to use PrepLounge to its full potential, we recommend a Premium Membership. Premium Members get unlimited access to all materials and other benefits.
				
					What makes PrepLounge unique?
					
					On PrepLounge, you will find the largest and most active case interview community worldwide. Via our Consulting Q&A, you can get answers to your questions from experienced coaches within minutes. Via our user-friendly Meeting Board you can easily schedule practice interviews with other ambitious candidates and former management consultants, even on short notice. If you want to prepare intensively for your interview and improve your case skills through regular practice and feedback, you won't find a better platform online. Just check it out for yourself and sign up for free!
				
 
What are you waiting for?Take the first step on your way to becoming a consultant
Get started for free
									Popular
									
												Case Library
											
													Meeting Board
												
												Mental Math Tool
											
												Case Study Basics
											
												Market Sizing
											
												Case Interview
											
												Case Interview Coaching
											
												Personal Fit
											
												Consulting Q&A
											
									preplounge.com
									
												For Companies
											
												For Universities
											
												For Coaches
											
												Success Stories
											
													Invite a friend
												
												Affiliate Program
											
												About Us
											
												Career
											
																									FAQ
																							
										Consulting Employers
										
																Bain & Company
															
																Capgemini Invent
															
																Consulting@Deloitte
															
																DHL Consulting
															
																Oliver Wyman
															
																Roland Berger
															
																zeb
															
															All Consulting Employers »
														
Cookies & Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Imprint
Contact
								Copyright © 2023 by PrepLounge GmbH
								
								
									Our servers are powered by electricity from renewable sources.
								
                    Cookie and Privacy Settings
                
                    This website uses cookies to enable essential functions like the user login and sessions.
                    ... (Read more)
We also use cookies and third-party tools to improve your surfing experience on preplounge.com. You can choose to activate only essential cookies or all cookies. You can always change your preference in the cookie and privacy settings. This link can also be found in the footer of the site. If you need more information, please visit our privacy policy.
                    Data processing in the USA: By clicking on "I accept", you also consent, in accordance with article 49 paragraph 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR, to your data being processed in the USA. The USA is not considered to have adequate data protection legislation. If you need more information please view the individual settings.
                
I accept
Manage settings individually
						Questions or Feedback?
					
            
                            Select category
                    
                                                    Select category
                                            
                                                    General Feedback
                                            
                                                    Case Interview Preparation
                                            
                                                    Coaching
                                            
                                                    Technical Problems
                                            
                                                    Other
                                            
            Your name
                
            Your email address
                
Send
Cancel
 