Preventio - Predicting the World. Together.
 
 
 
Home 
Solution 
Consulting 
Jobs 
About us						 
Contact  
Imprint 
Privacy 
 
 
 
                            Predicting the World. Together.                        
                            PREVENTIO is a SaaS company with its core competence in predicting and preventing building damages. Our sensorless technology helps the real estate sector to make faster, more cost-effective decisions.                        
 We are hiring!  
Awarded Start-up of the year by Deutsche Sporthilfe and Werte Stiftung "We are the only player in the market who offers a purely data-driven solution, focusing initially on tap water damages. By creating an opportunity to forecast potential pipe failures, we provide the most useful, intelligent and sustainable information for our customers."
Andreas Bechmann
Founder & CEO
        How we tackle a multi-billion euro problem    
 
 
 
Data-Driven Risk Management Our machine-learning-based PreventioENGINE allows us to predict water damages before they occur, reducing costly miscalculations and optimizing decision-making processes.
 
 
Predictive Maintenance Preventio's Predictive Maintenance Platform recommends suitable damage mitigation measures to building-owners that reduce follow-up costs and preserve properties.
 
 
Value-Adding Services The open structure of the platform allows comprehensive use cases to be implemented to help customers collaborate with their contractors and unlock new revenue streams.
 
Trusted by great pilot partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jörg Agartz 
CIO - Basler Versicherungen
 "With its AI-based approach, Preventio supports the insurance industry in assessing (building) risks and thus also creates real added value for end customers." 
 
 Konstantina Kanellopoulos 
Co-CEO of Deutsche Wohnen and Executive Vice President Value-Add at Vonovia
 "The approach contributes to the sustainable maintenance and value preservation of the building and the well-being of the residents. We are pleased to be a pilot partner of Preventio and to support the start-up in this phase." 
 
 Christian Geisthof 
VP Corporate Development at Viega LLC
 "Water damages are among the highest repair claims in residential and commercial buildings. So far there hasn’t been an opportunity to predict a potential failure in a piping system; only an actual failure could be registered. The data driven solution allows us to analyse water use in buildings, forecast potential pipe failures, and work together with our contractors to create new revenue streams and avoid loss of rental income/usage and high repair costs for building owners.” 
 
 
 Copyright © 2022 by Preventio GmbH 
Home
Solution
About Us 
ContactImprintPrivacy 
Join our Community 
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
 
 
Cookie Consent with Real Cookie Banner