P2C: Empowering commerce | Productsup
  Why Productsup?   Platform  
  Platform overview
  ServicesP2C  
  P2C - Product to Consumer
  P2C Transformation
  Commerce AnarchyProducts  
  Advertising PX
  Marketplaces PX
  Performance Insights PX
  Distribution PX
  Retail PX
  Onboarding PXPartners  
  Partners overview
  Partner portal
  Become a partner
Customers  
  Customer success storiesResources   Connect  
  Webinars
  EventsHelp  
  Help Center
  Contact usLearn  
  Blog
  Guides
  P2C glossary
  Watch demo video
  P2C Certification
  Academy
  PricingAbout us    Productsup  
  Company
  Leadership
  News
  CareersContact  
  Contact us
  Book a demo
  Careers  
    Book a demo
      Login    En  
      English
    
      Deutsch
    
      Français
    
      Italiano
    
      Español
           
          Empowering your commerce 
          The Productsup product-to-consumer (P2C) platform will enable you to take complete control over your product data.
          
    Book a demo
      
            Watch demo video
                
      Feed Management
      
      Marketplaces PX
      
      Retail PX
      
      All our solutions
      
      Solutions overview
                    
Empowering companies in the age of commerce anarchy
Getting products to consumers where they are and when they want to buy is becoming increasingly difficult and expensive. The proliferation of channels, marketplaces, platforms, brands, and regulations has transformed the retail space into a state commerce anarchy.
Radically rethink commerce with a P2C strategy
A product-to-consumer (P2C) strategy will provide your business with the vision and tools to identify all product information value chains. Rethink your commerce while saving time and resources with our unique P2C solutions.
    
The world's first global and scalable P2C platform
Our comprehensive P2C platform will enable you to easily deliver the kind of superior personalized, consumer-centric experiences your customers expect across all touchpoints. This means:
✓ Improved omnichannel performance
✓ Enhanced brand loyalty and trust
✓ Significant return on investment
Our product-to-consumer management in figures    
      900
     Global brands already using P2C strategy to realize their potential  
      2500
     Reach over 2500 channels  
      2 tln
     Two trillion products processed each month  
      1000
     Increase traffic by up to 1000%   One P2C platform, six solutions  Productsup powers long-term business success by enabling businesses to identify and master  their product-to-consumer information value chains across all marketing channels and platforms.   
      Advertising PX
     Enrich your product listings and create perfectly tailored catalogs for any social or advertising channel and audience.   Learn more  
      Marketplaces PX
     Easily list and sell products on all global marketplaces.   Learn more  
      Performance Insights PX
     Increase team agility with accurate and instant performance reporting. Create one source of truth for your entire funnel.   Learn more  
      Distribution PX
     Turn raw product information into consistent, agile, commerce-ready product content for any industrial product.   Learn more  
      Retail PX
     Syndicate perfect product data to any retailer or channel globally, including GDSN.   Learn more  
      Onboarding PX
     Collect, store, and optimize aggregated product data from unlimited sources and in any format.   Learn more         Christian Renz Head of eCommerce and PIM Thanks to the Productsup P2C platform, we can automatically distribute our product data globally. We currently use the platform for operations in 52 countries, managing five channels per country on average and processing 2 million products monthly. Productsup enables us to control and monitor our product information value chains and provides us with the ability to scale and evolve our global ecommerce presence.      Slaven Karadaliev Senior Process Manager Global E-Commerce Product information value chains are the backbone of digital commerce, but ensuring their accuracy and performance is no easy feat. For global organizations, that often means working with multiple data sources, teams, channel requirements, and tech stacks. Thanks to the Productsup P2C Platform, we can streamline and perfectly control our product data, and, ultimately, deliver top-notch shopping experiences to our customers.      Michael Kamradt Marketing Technology Manager "In a nutshell, Productsup offers us a flexible tool that enables us to evolve and scale on our P2C journey. With the platform we can easily add new restaurants, roll out new ads, and focus on strategic topics instead of worrying about manual tasks."      Jules Burguieres Marketing Science Project Manager Our goal is to make fashion more sustainable by helping people sell and buy second hand luxury items online. The Productsup P2C platform helps us to overcome commerce anarchy by enabling us to manage our feeds in one place globally instead of having to manage them separately within each individual channel. Having this centralized approach allows us to stay organized and ensure that the customer buying experience is consistent. Start realizing your commerce potential today  Learn how our P2C platform works with a free demo tailored to your business needs. See for yourself how Productsup can provide a competitive advantage to all of our customers and prepare them for whatever comes next in the commerce space.        
    Book a demo
         Build your demo video      Talk to us                    Discover  
  Platform overview
  P2C - Product to Consumer
  Commerce Anarchy
  P2C glossaryPopular resources  
  Social Commerce in 2023
  Business growth report: Turn commerce complexity into your advantage
  The Amazon product detail page guideCompany  
  Company
  News
  Careers
  Become a partner
 
            Copyright 2023 by Productsup
           Privacy policyLegalImprint