    proSports.zone - Professional team management and scouting solution for clubs
 | proSports.zone
                Solutions
            
Junior department
Sports director
Coaches
Academies/ Schools
Athletes
Parents
                Platform
            
360° Athletes
Performance development
Teams
Video
Training
Tasks
The App
Offer
                About us
            
Our company
Contact
Join the team!
Partner
Blog
Register
Login
 
 
 
 
                        Team management on the next level proSports.zone
                        Put an end to 1000 Excel charts, notepads and digital little helper.
Here you have all the data under one (single) roof: players, training sessions, efficiency tests, events, matches, videos, invitations and (talent) scouting.
                    well-structured - easy to use - compliant with data privacy
                    
Start now for free!
 
 
 
proSports.zone is the first choice for professional an efficiency-oriented sports clubs, youth acadamies and sports associations
                
 
 
                        Nachwuchstraining auf dem nächsten Level
                    
Moderne und erfolgreiche Nachwuchsarbeit braucht aktuelle Trainingsmethoden, klare Pläne und Ziele und innovative Tools für die Unterstützung der Trainer:innen und Nachwuchsleiter:innen. Bestmögliche, individuelle Ausbildung und Entwicklung aller Spieler- und Sportler:innen ist das Ziel und die Erwartung. 
Fakt ist: Du musst es nicht im Alleingang schaffen!
Für alle, die ihre Nachwuchsausbildung effizienter organisieren, planen und analysieren wollen: Mit proSports.Zone hast du den digitalen Assistenten im Team.
 
 
 
 
 
                        Developed by trainers for trainers
                    
                        Mit proSports.Zone hast du einen zuverlässigen Partner an deiner Seite! 
Konzipiert und entwickelt von Trainern und Sportlichen Leitern aus verschiedenen Leistungsbereichen, bringt unsere Lösung alles mit, was moderne (Nachwuchs-)Trainer:innen heute benötigen, egal ob im Leistungszentrum oder im Breitensport.
                    
 
 
Klingt spannend? Du hast noch Fragen? Dann lass uns reden!
                            Lass uns gemeinsam schauen, wie wir die Vorteile von proSports.Zone auch in deinem Verein, deiner Akademie und deinen Teams nutzen.
                        
Sprechen wir darüber
 
 
 
 
Write us
Send
 
 
 Close
                
You have these advantages with proSports.zone
                    proSports.zone is the solution that covers all aspects of modern and efficient match, training and team planning, as well as video and efficiency analysis.
                
 
One place for all data
No more countless lists and index cards! Here you have all data centrally available.
ease of use
                        We know that software is only used when it’s fun to work with.
                    
neat statistics
So you can easily keep an eye on the development of your players and teams.
                    
GDPR-compliant
We support you in the processing of personal data in compliance with data protection.
rights and roles
You can create admistrators, coaches, scouts and players with different rights.
100% digital & cloud-based
We take care of the safe storage of your data in a high-performance data center in Germany.
                    
 
 
                        Only one tool instead of countless isolated applications
                    
player and team data
In this area you can collect all relevant data of your players and combine them into teams or training groups.
training and match management
Plan trainings, performance tests, tournaments and of course matches and determine the team line-up.
                                        
training database
Build up your exercise database, use exercises from colleagues and link the exercises with your training sessions.
                                        
 
invitation management
For each event, you can invite those involved (and optionally assigned coaches, parents, teachers, etc.) by email and send relevant information.
                                        
video database
Here you can manage your video files.  Set keywords, comments and ratings, mark players and events.
                                        
scouting module
With the scouting module you can plan the squad for the next few years.  At this point you have access to extensive scouting forms, a player comparison and graphic tools for the squad line-up.
                                        
 
 
 
 
Get the professional solution that offers you a 360° view of the development of your players!
                        Start now
                            proSports.Zone is a comprehensive cloud software for clubs in competitive sports,
                        who want to train young sportsmen and women in a targeted manner and lead them into the performance area and
                        (semi-)professional teams who want to assert themselves in the performance area.
                        
About us
Our company
Contact
Legal notice
Data privacy
Changelog
Blog
Software
                                    Platform
                                
360° Athletes
Performance development
Teams
Video
Training
Tasks
The App
                                    Solutions
                                
Junior department
Sports director
Coaches
Academies/ Schools
Athletes
Parents
Termine & Kalender
Trainingsübung-Datenbank
E-Mail-Manager 
Offer
Start
Login
Register
Onboarding & Starthilfe
Hilfe & Handbuch
 
 
                        © Made with  since 2019 by proSports.Zone
 
 
 
Legal notice
×
SportsZone GmbH
                Neparmitz 19
                18574 Poseritz
                
                Germany
                
E-Mail: contact@sportszone.gmbh
Managing directors authorised to represent the company:
Ronny Wangelin
Alexander Hupe
Commercial register: Amtsgericht Stralsund, HRB 21111
Sales tax identification number: DE327022159
 Close
                