Pythiania.io – Pythiania AG.
About
Team
Contact
						REGULATION THROUGH CODE  
						Empowering People And Ensuring Efficiency
We at Pythiania believe blockchain and cryptology will revolutionise our entire society. It won’t stop at taking out banks as centralised intermediaries, but will question the way we make laws, perceive the balance of power in our democracies and redefine existing business models. We believe that the Internet Computer (IC) and its protocol ICP is the key technology to enable regulation through code. We work in order to have Decentralised Autonomous Organizations (DAO) being recognized as established legal entities in various jurisdictions. The envisioned Pythiania DAO will serve as a legal lighthouse and the DAO shall own all kinds of applications which exist because of the tension between private and public goods.
We draw for decades from a deep expertise in the design and operations in surveillance and compliance of financial markets. Having been a witness of structural inefficiency with its inherent conflict of interest we want to make a difference now.
We want a different world
Regulation through code will change our societies tremendously. The most obvious change among others will be moving from ex-post enforcement to ex-ante prohibition or fractional penalization/incentivisation of behaviour. We question the need for administrative law in the future as many to many contracts can now be signed efficiently. A true new social contract shall be guided by the following “The Pythiania Preamble”.
“As a result of human creativity, property has an ordering effect. This order defines and legitimises the formation of economic will. The pursuit and the concentration of property in a few hands can, however, jeopardise social cohesion and lead to an inefficient allocation of resources. Property is thus simultaneously a source of joy and sorrow. A necessary precondition for accepting this ambivalent source is that human beings are subject to the same regulating forces of creation. A sufficient prerequisite is to enable the individual human being to become independently aware of the necessary prerequisite. Pythiania has to directly and indirectly promote the acceptance of the formation of social will and its compliance. In the awareness that reason is not a free decision, Pythiania is guided by the ambiguity of property. Let Pythiania's actions be determined by the hope that self-view and external view will coincide. Let Phytiania's being embody a categorical imperative of service.”
Redefining Public Services
The Pythiania DAO aims to build, replicate, all kinds of services/dapps that exist because of public rules (e.g. accounting software) and their interdependence on privacy. Public services owned and controlled by its users.
Third revolution in crypto: The Internet Computer (IC)
While the key technical properties are available with the IC, we need DAOs to reflect e.g. the legal relationship of superordination and subordination. Questions like how to tackle legal acoustic separation or the maturity of smart contracts (like mirroring the principles of a constitution) need to be answered. Ultimately national sovereignty will remain, therefore governmental representation and participation should be part of the respective DAO. The IC will revolutionise the way of interaction between participants of a DAO. Immutability and user/context-related anonymity creates the possibility for professional exchange and essential communication between parties which today cannot take place. Instead of having a centralised big brother we envision „My Little Sister Is Watching Me“ securing consensus on private details.
Lower costs by efficiency
Administrative public costs in the broadest sense, i.e. all costs that serve to maintain a framework-based governmental and social order (such as legislation, public administration and regulation) use enormous resources which are often inefficiently applied and are not transparent. In the long term, Pythiania’s DAO will help to make these costs more transparent and efficient, and ultimately reduce them step by step to a minimum.
COMPANY
ABOUT
TEAM
PRIVACY POLICY
IMPRINT
CONTACT
GET IN TOUCH
All rights reserved by Pythiania AG Registry Court Munich | HRB 265943. Pythiania is a registered EU trademark (018219747)
 Made by vidhyav656.tech