QRaGo: The digital solution in care logistics
    
            Clinic and care
           local_hospital Clinics and centers healing Caregivers accessible Patienten 
            Transport company
           map Patient transport service add_location Disponent directions_car Driver local_shipping Courier service 
          Payer
         Clinic and care Transport company Driving services at QRaGo Payer 
            About QRaGo
           business Driving services at QRaGo people Team group_work Partner email Contact announcement News work Career favorite References 
            Log in
                 The digital solution in care logistics The digital solution in care logistics    
                          Patient journeys
                         
                      QRaGo is your solution for arranging, monitoring and documenting patient journeys
                     
                        For patient trips
                          
                          Materialtransport
                         
                      With QRaGo, your material transports are optimally controlled, monitored and documented.
                     
                        For material handling
                        
                Patiententransport? QRaGo!
               
               QRaGo is a mediation and scheduling software for logistics tasks in healthcare. We arrange, plan and optimize your trips. And this is how it works
                 
            Easily order a ride
           
            With just a few clicks, you enter your patient transport needs and QRaGo does the rest for you. Whether admission, rehab or consult, with us handwritten notes and phone calls are a thing of the past. Here's how to digitize your patient transport.
                   
            Automated planning
           
            QRaGo supports you in organizing, arranging and carrying out patient transports and enables you to make efficient use of internal resources. In this way, we reduce waiting times and idle times in clinics. QRaGo is your digital mediation of patient transports.
           
            Uncomplicated processing
           
            You get optimized routes and planning information based on real-time data. QraGo provides continuous monitoring of all vehicles and their current order status, making possible changes immediately visible.
                   
            Full transparency
           
            With QRaGo, your internal processes are the focus. You see when a patient is due to arrive or be picked up and are informed directly in the event of delays. There are no more telephone queries or blocked capacities.
           
            Get started now with QRaGo
           
            and set new standards in patient transport.
           
              Contact us
                 
            QRaGo: The fully comprehensive solution for digitizing patient transports.
           Facebook  LinkedIn  
                QRaGo
               
                  patient ride
                 
                  courir services
                 
                  Clinic and care
                 
                  Transport company
                 
                  Payer
                 
                  Functions
                 
                General
               
                  Homepage
                 
                  About QRaGo
                 
                  References
                 
                  Driving services
                 
                  Career
                 
                Ressourcen
               
                  Press information
                 
                  Press release
                 
                  Contact
                 
                  Brochure
                 
                  Blog
                 
                  Partners
                 
                Legal
               
                  Prices
                 
                  Impressum
                 
                  Privacy
                