Less Artificial - More Intelligent! Next generation's game AI. | Quantum Gaming Gmbh
Home
Marbles AI
Quantum Gaming
Articles
Contact Us
Deutsch
English
Marbles AI
Our Challenge and Tech
Team and Collaborations
Jobs & Careers
Quantum Gaming
Marbles AI - Roll smart!
A game that learns from you using modern AI? We are developing it right now!
The Quantum Gaming team is excited to announce its pioneer AI mobile game:
The game that learns from you.
Learn more!
Watch our AI learn in no time!
Learn more about the AI and Gameplay in Marbles AI!A Marble starts out with no knowledge about her own body, her environment, the rules of the game, or other game characters in a 3D game world with simulated physics. She will be clumsy at first, make many mistakes and be subject to errors, but she can always improve. Your task is to help her, succeed together and give her a great life in a huge open world!Watch the AI and Gameplay Trailer on YoutubE
Where Science Meets Gaming
Welcome to Quantum Gaming -- Where Science Meets Gaming
We develop cutting edge AI by academic standards and make it ready for your every-day use in games.
Recent breakthroughs in articial intelligence are based on insights of cognitive sciences, resulting in opportunities for several industries. As opposed to this, game AI is still pragmatic and rulebased. It imitates the results of human intelligence, but not the intelligence itself. Our challenge is to change that!
We want to give rise to entirely new concepts of games and gameplay by integrating modern AI into games.
Read MORE about OUR CHALLENGE
Less Artificial, more Intelligent?
Future AI will be superhuman? How about be more humanlike...
We think of next generation AI as a model of human cognition, not as a super powerful calculator. Our software is equipped with desires and dispositions to learn. It is not equipped with prior knowledge about its task. It is not pretrained on terrabytes of data gathered in millions of hours worked. In fact, it is not trained at all.
Our brAIn engine discovers the world when it is activated. It actively and autonomously forms experiences through its surroundings, understands step by step its influence and scope of action and thus becomes an individual. In a certain sense, brAIn engine can be considered a synthetic lifeform.
Read MORE on the next generation of AI
Imprint Privacy
Home
Marbles AI - Roll smart!
Watch our AI learn in no time!
Where Science Meets Gaming
Less Artificial, more Intelligent?
Cookie Consent by PrivacyPolicies.com