Quick Turn Studio – We use modern technologies to solve problems
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
Technologies
Values
Workshops
Projects
Blog
Contact us
World class specialists availablefor your business
World class specialists available for your business
Services  
        UX Design
      
        Do you have and idea but you need help to visualize it? Does your solution need to have design up to date with latest fashion? Or maybe you need to collect your needs and design solution from end to end?
      
        Embedded Software development
      
        Do you need to have optimal solution for embedded hardware? Do you need to follow best embedded software practices? requirements like ISO-26262?
      
        2D & 3D Applications development
      
        Do you want to have great graphics for your solution? Would like you to achieve great effects in your application? Or maybe you wanna have dedicated graphical engine for desktop or embedded device?
      
        Continuous Integration services
      
        Wanna have quick feedback after delivering the code to your branches? Or maybe you need to report code coverage to fulfill ISO-26262 requirements? Do you know that having automated tests, even for GUI parts develop with Qt is possible?
      
        Build system services
      
        Do you start setup your C/C++ project and you need to design CMake build system? Or maybe you already have custom build system, but you would like to migrate it to CMake? Do you need to extend build system for supporting new platform?
      
        Technical interviews
      
        Do you need to hire Software Engineers, but you don't have resources to verify candidates' technical knowledge? Our engineers leaded hunderds of interviews that helped created talented and coordinated teams.
      
Our technologies  
Our values  
    Continousimprovement
    
    State of artsolutions
    
    Familyculture
    
    Work/Lifebalance
    
    Honesty andtransparency
    
Tutorials & Live workshops  
          Introduction to C++for programmers
          
          Do your engineers need to become familiar with C ++? Or maybe they already speak this language, but would like to expand their skills and knowledge? We will help you by providing 2-5-day workshops with a scope tailored to your needs.
          
          CMakelive trainings
          
Not enough CMake tutorials in the web for people starting work with CMake? Or maybe your engineers want to more practice? 3 day workshop and they will be able to design good Modern CMake project.
          
          Effective ModernCMake series
          
          
          
          It is too hard to find synchronize engineers right moment to schedule a workshop? Or maybe you need to get have an access to knowledge that can be watch every time when a new engineer joins your team? Effective Modern CMake video series can help your developers in being up to date with CMake knowledge.
          
Our projects  
              Design tool to create
UI embedded software
      
        Please bare with us for news and upcoming updates
      
            QML Editor
            
            QML Editor helps to work with QML applications in JetBrains IDEs
            
            Qt Style Sheets Editor
            
            Style Qt applications with code highlight and code completion
            
            Qt Style Sheet Highlighter
            
            
               Qt Style Sheet Highlighter highlights syntax of *qss files in JetBrains IDEs
            
Our blog  
+
Integration Unreal Engine 4 with CMake project and boost library
2020-04-062020-04-14, CMake, UE4 
Today we would like to share with you a part of our solution how we integrate Unreal Engine 4... 
+
Running Tests in compile time – how?
2020-02-032020-03-30, CMake, TDD, Testing 
It is time to show some code in our blog. We would like to present you one of the solutions for... 
+
How to lead a technical interview?
2020-01-202020-03-30, Recruitment process, Soft skills 
On the internet, there are a lot articles containing tips how to pass job interview: how to make a... 
+
Black Box vs White Box Testing
2020-01-072020-03-30, Testing 
Black or white – what is a difference? Black box testing is an approach, where test checks the correctness... 
+
What is a unit test?
2020-01-062020-03-30, TDD, Testing 
In this post I would like to explain what is a unit test. In the first moment it seems... 
Interested? Let’s talk!  
software@quickturnstudio.com
+48 662 035 507
Copyright © Quick Turn Studio GmbH. All rights reserved.
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Copyright © Quick Turn Studio GmbH. All rights reserved.
 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.  Click here if you would like to get more information or change your cookie settings. AcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
SAVE & ACCEPT
Log in with your credentials
 
Sign in
 Remember me                
Lost your password?
Forgot your details?
 
Reset Password
I remember my details