Social Media Analytics and Competitive Benchmarking Tool | quintly
🚨 ANNOUNCEMENT: quintly joins facelift →
Solutions ▾
USE CASES
store
Brands
Find the KPIs you need, get deep insights and build your brand by understanding your audience on social.
apartment
Agencies
Drive better decisions based on quality data using social analytics and reporting for all your clients.
laptop-phone
Media
Do more with your data using custom metrics and API integrations to optimize your social strategy.
star
Case Study: Benefit Cosmetics
How the global beauty brand gained 50% growth in engagement and increased reach across the world.
earth
Case Study: The Marketing Arm
Social media analytics made for marketers
screen
Case Study: RTL Media Group
How quintly helps a large news-media organization create a data-driven culture for their teams company-wide.
map-marker
Case Study: Meliá Hotels Int.
How social media data is key to Meliá Hotels International and their brand's digital revolution.
chart-bars
Case study: bürosüd plus
new!
How bürosüd plus increased their audience by 40%
bubble
Case study: Landau Media
new!
How Landau Media manages 50 profiles in one place
Platform ▾
FEATURES
chart-bars
Analytics
Track, benchmark and optimize your social media.
file-empty
Reporting
Create or automate reports, exports and live links.
rocket
Data in Depth
Secure, trusted data quality for better business.
database
API and Integrations
Take analytics further with our API and integrations.
NETWORKS
chevron-right
Facebook
chevron-right
LinkedIn
chevron-right
Instagram
chevron-right
YouTube
chevron-right
Twitter
chevron-right
Snapchat
chevron-right
TikTok
New!
Resources
Pricing
Company ▾
COMPANY
users
About Us
Read our story here.
heart
Our Service
Services designed to support you
bubble
Contact
Want to get in touch? Come say hi.
RESOURCES
pencil
Blog
Our latest articles, social news and industry insights.
thumbs-up
Free Stats Portal
New!
Check out popular industries & countries.
bullhorn
Product News
Social media analytics made for Receive the latest news on improvements and updates to our product 
magnifier
Knowledge Base
More than a help center – updates, guides and more.
earth
Climate Change
New
Our pledge towards Climate Change
Login
Solutions
Brands
Agencies
Media
Case Studies
Benefit Cosmetics
The Marketing Arm
RTL Media Group
Meliá Hotels
Platform
Analytics
Data in Depth
Reporting
API & Integrations
Services
Pricing
Company
Blog
Social Media Studies
Knowledge Base
Product News
About Us
Careers
Contact
Login
The social media data you’ve always wanted, the way you want it
Advanced social media analytics, delivered with unrivaled quality, customization, and flexibility. Get extensive or layered insights, take action faster and keep up with other players. It’s time to scale social media your way.
See it in action 
X
Some of world’s largest brands trust quintly's social media analytics platform
Access social media data with network-native excellence
Pull quality data from all your social media accounts and track performance across hundreds of profiles in one place. Analyse your performance and gain insights into your competitors, inspiring brands, future clients, social media influencers and more. 
Gain insights to drive real impact faster
Choose from 500+ social media metrics and from hundreds of customizable dashboards to set up meaningful analyses. Find valuable insights to drive social media management forward. Hands-on with data? Create your own dashboards within a few clicks and find the answers you need.
Build the reports that your team will love
Create and automate custom reports within minutes. Share data with your team or set up clients to access private stats securely. Choose to export comprehensive or specific social media reports at the press of a button, or set automated delivery times and formats. 
SOCIAL MEDIA API & INTEGRATIONS
Access quintly's extensive and powerful API
Gain full data flexibility and security with our carefully maintained API. Integrate data from your social platforms with your favourite analytics tools, business intelligence systems or data warehouses. Elevate your performance marketing strategy with social data intelligence.
        Social Media API
      
        Browse and pull data directly from our   catalogue of data points and sources.
      
Go to documentation
        quintly Query Language
      
        Push social media analysis forward by writing your custom metrics.
      
Get started
        Integrations
      
        Push data to your external data storage solutions, including Google Big Query.
      
Explore integrations
TikTok
SOCIAL MEDIA NETWORKS
High quality data and customisation in one place
At quintly, we're a team of quality-obsessed and hands-on social media specialists. Over 10 years, we've built one of the few social media analytics tools that helps you measure cross-network KPIs and campaigns. 
Use Cases
Roles
Industry
            How you can use quintly to scale social media marketing
          
              Advanced analysis of owned channels
            
Use data to optimize you strategy, know your audience and plan your social calendar. 
              Competitive benchmarking
            
Benchmark your industry and stay ahead of competitors on social media.
              Content optimization
            
Get a complete overview with a cross-network content performance and comparison.
              Ad analytics
            
Compare how your paid social ads perform against your organic content.
              Influencer marketing
            
Keep track of your influencer campaigns and measure ROI.
              Customer care and community analysis
            
Keep track of the fundamental customer care metrics across social media platforms
              Social media campaign analytics
            
Monitor goals in real time, from the engagement rate and followers, to hashtag tagging, content performance and more. 
              Monitoring and focused social listening
            
Detect if specific profiles have mentioned specific words within their posts and comments, and see their performance. 
            Easy-to-use platform for social marketers and data specialists
          
              Social Media Managers
            
Understand your audience, prove your strategy and scale your social media strategy with confidence. 
              Data Analysts / Strategists
            
              Access quality data with high-security standards, customisation and integration capabilities. 
            
              Marketing Directors / CMOs
            
Gain performance insights and drive your strategy with analytics and competitive benchmarking.
            Quality social data for any industry, anywhere
          
              Marketing Agencies
            
Track all networks in one powerful social media analytics tool, use separate spaces for each client and share your branded reports that prove your impact.
              Brands and Organisations
            
Analyse the performance of your brand's accounts on social, benchmark with competitors and gain insights on your market and audience. 
 
              Media Companies
            
Compare your performance among different social media channels in one place and benchmark against other media companies.
quintly is probably my favorite social media analytics service on the web today. It helps me track, benchmark, and optimize my social performance with super-smooth analytics.
Neil P.
Co-founder of Crazy Egg and KISSmetrics
The tool is very flexible and allow us to create our own KPIs, reports and dataset for API exports. The communication between the devs and the customers is very professional. We feel that there are humans behind the machine.
Maxime R.
Web Analyst
We use quintly to track social media performance across 100+ social channels and compare global goals across networks in 36 markets. quintly's data insights helped us achieve over 22% growth in year over year reach and 50% in total engagement
Toto H.
VP Digital
quintly is the best tool for social media channel analysis we've tried so far - and we've tried a lot of tools. It's easy to use, with a wide variety of features and optional custom designed additions, making it optimal for quick overviews as well as in depth analysis.
Anna K.
Senior Intelligence Associate
Having the right tool like quintly can help us verify the ROI of each marketing investment or content production. Great value, flexible tool for social media performance analysis - I don't know where I'd be without it!
Sarah Lin
Digital Marketing Manager
quintly is easy to use, offering exactly the right depth of information for us to advise our clients. The staff is friendly and accessible any time
Florian H.
CEO
We work well together.
But don't take it from us. Clients say some nice things about quintly.
4.7 star rating on G2 Crowd
Check out our latest resources
 View all
Report
Instagram Reels: Top 20 Brands Report
Find Out More
Report
Black Friday 2022: Report Analysing Facebook Posts of Top 120 Brands 
Find Out More
Report
Super Bowl XXIII: An Instagram Analysis
Read now
Book a demo now to get started
Get in touch today to track, benchmark and optimize your social media performance with advanced analytics, simplified.
Solutions
Brands
Agencies
Media
Integrations
Google Data Studio
Tableau
Brandwatch Vizia
Platform
Analytics
Data In Depth
Reporting
API & Integrations
↳ Social Media API
↳ Data Warehouses
Services
↳ Migration Assistant
Networks
Facebook Analytics
Twitter Analytics
Instagram Analytics
Instagram Stories Analytics
LinkedIn Analytics
YouTube Analytics
TikTok Analytics
Snapchat Story Studio Analytics
Resources
Product News
Our Blog
Free Stats Portal
Social Media Studies
Reach vs Impressions
Influencer Marketing
Knowledge Base
Press
What's new
Company
Pricing
Reviews
About Us
Careers
Transparency
🌳 Climate
Contact
Email Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Copyright © 2022 quintly. All rights reserved. • Terms • Privacy • Imprint • More...