recalm – Making noise disappear.
 
 
Technology
Industries
About us
Jobs
 Menu
Technology
Industries
About us
Jobs
 
ORDER NOW
ANCOR 
The future audio experience for your vehicle. 
ORDER NOW
ORDER NOW
ANCOR 
						The retrofittable infotainment system for driver workstations in construction, agricultural and forestry machines. 					
PREMIUM ENTERTAINMENT
Your personal music zone for an excellent sound experienceState-of-the-art Bluetooth technology for optimal connectivity
HANDS FREE FUNCTION
Your personal telephone zone for unique speech intelligibilityMultiple microphone for crystal clear conversationsNoise reduction for cleaned up sound qualityBeamforming for maximum freedom of movement
ANC READY*
Your personal quiet zone for more safety at work and a better quality of lifeReduction of disturbing engine noise up to 500 Hz*Hardware and software are optimised for the ANC function. An ANC function is currently only available for certain vehicle models. Further vehicle models will be activated on an ongoing basis.
DAB+ (COMING SOON)
You like to listen to the radio at work to stay informed and enjoy the latest music?Are you tired of poor reception, e.g. due to ground problems or interference from the LED spotlights?We implement DAB+ on ANCOR below and allow you to choose from more channels with better quality.
CB-RADIO (COMING SOON)
You drive a machine on which PTT may no longer be used according to § 23 paragraph 1a of the StVo? You need your hands on the wheel or joystick and are tired of interruptions and errors creeping in when operating your vehicle because you constantly have to reach for the radio?Put an end to the annoying encroachment!We implement CB radio on ANCOR below and allow you maximum freedom of movement and comfort.
SPEECH RECOGNITION AND CONTROL (COMING SOON)
You know the challenge that today’s machines can do more and more and at the same time everyone only has two hands at their disposal? You love your machine and talk to it every now and then, but you don’t get an answer?There are other ways!We implement voice control on ANCOR and allows you to send commands to your vehicle.
 
image/svg+xml
						All settings via smartphone app					
						All settings and individual user profiles can be made easily and intuitively via the mobile app and Bluetooth using the user's own smartphone.					
image/svg+xml
						User-friendly attachment to the headrest					
						Plug and Play for the headrest - for original equipment and retrofitting. Ready for commissioning by the machine operator in just a few minutes. 					
image/svg+xml
						Awarded and certified for Heavy Machinery 					
						ANCOR has won the German Occupational Health and Safety Award and the Systems and Components Trophy and is designed for working conditions in the field. 					
 
 
The most pleasant active noise reduction 
						"I was very sceptical, but the recalm GmbH product solution convinced me. The most pleasant active noise reduction I have experienced so far, no feeling of pressure and spatially constant."					
Prof. Dr.-Ing. Klaus GenuitFounder and Managing Director HEAD acoustics 
						"From idea to product: recalm GmbH's product solves the promise of active noise reduction for the chosen application in a way that is physically impressive and pleasantly perceptible."					
Prof. Dr. Thomas KletschkowskiDepartment Head of Automotive and Aircraft Engineering at HAW 
						“The team at recalm stood out with their professionalism and flexibility, showing determination to achieve the objectives. In addition to their technical expertise and skillful execution of the project, everyone at Sensirion had a positive experience collaborating with them.”					
Andries BosmaSenior Product Manager, Sensirion 
 Previous
 Next
 
 
“At the beginning I was still sceptical – until I switched it on and off for the first time. It was amazing how much the soundscape changed. Because we often work with windows/doors open, you can already clearly notice it. Communication with colleagues downstairs is also better. 
Ole 
Operator, Liebherr A 918 compact 
You are a manufacturer and interested in individual ANC solutions? 
						We measure, analyse, advise, specify and license.					
						Our expertise and years of know-how in the development of Active Noise Cancelling hardware and software has been appreciated by our customers for five years. To evaluate whether an individual ANC development makes sense, we offer an ANC performance simulation as a first step. For more information, please see the categories below.					
						LEARN MORE					
Automotive
						LEARN MORE					
Construction 
						LEARN MORE					
Agricultural 
						LEARN MORE					
Forestry 
Customers, partners and sponsors
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact Us 
Address
 
recalm GmbHHarburger Schloßstraße 6–1221079 Hamburginfo@recalm.com 
Name 
Email 
 
 The protection of your data is important to us. You hereby confirm that we may process your data for the purpose of processing your request in accordance with our data protection declaration. 
Send
 
© 2017-2022 Copyright recalm GmbH 
Links 
Become a Dealer
About Us 
Jobs
ANCOR App
Service Desk
Social Media 
 
Instagram
 
Facebook
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
Legal 
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use 
 
				Rabattoptionen greifen erst bei Stückzahlen über 100 Einheiten und werden bei der Auftragsbestätigung berücksichtigt.					
Bei den erweiterten Funktionen handelt es sich um eine unverbindliche Vorbestellung. Sie werden automatisch informiert, sobald die Funktionen verfügbar sind. Dann kann die Funktion über ein Software-Update zum reduzierten Subskriptionspreis nachgerüstet werden und die Vorbestellung wird verbindlich. 
Vorteile 
Technologie 
Über Uns 
Jobs 
Presse 
 Menu
Impressum
Datenschutz
Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen
StartOrderTechnologyIndustriesJobsAbout usDeutschEnglish
Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverständnis aus.OKDatenschutzerklärung
 