Riddle Quiz Maker - The best way to engage your customers
                                    en
                                
                                                                                Deutsch
                                    
                                                                                English
                                    
                            100% GDPR-compliant
                        
                            Log in
                        
Menu
                                Solutions
                            
                                        Publishers
                                    
                                        Agencies
                                    
                                        Marketers
                                    
                                        Sports teams
                                    
                                        Non-profit organizations
                                    
                                        Case studies
                                    
                            Plans and Pricing
                        
                            Blog
                        
                                Support
                            
                                        Help center
                                    
                                        FAQ
                                    
                                        What's new?
                                    
                                        Riddle 2.0
                                    
                The best way to engage your customers.
            
                Get higher customer engagment and unlimited first-party data with Riddle’s world-class quiz maker.
            
                    Make your first quiz – For free
                
                    No credit card required
                
            Trusted by thousands of brands
        
                Built from the ground up with privacy in mind.
            
                Riddle will make your privacy officer happy. Not only is our quiz platform fully GDPR/CCPA compliant , we are the market leaders in privacy.
            
                    Read more here
                
            Your content toolbox just got much more powerful.
        
            With Riddle quiz maker, you can easily build content that will get results and make for a more engaging customer experience.
        
                        Create content quicker
                    
                        Quickly make content in minutes with our no-code, visual content creator.
                    
                        Hand-tailor the experience
                    
                        Ask specific questions based on how customers previously answered.
                    
                        Match your brand’s style
                    
                        Use one global style preset to control the look on all your content.
                    
                        Capture leads flexibly
                    
                        Collect lead info how you want, in bits throughtout the quiz or all at once.
                    
                        Enrich and segment your leads
                    
                        Combine data from answers and results with form data.
                    
            Try Riddle for free
        
                    Create
                
                    ∞
                
                    types of content
                
                    Personality quizzes
                
                    Graded quizzes
                
                    Timed quizzes
                
                    Product recommendations
                
                    Contests & giveaways
                
                    Audience polls
                
                    Employee surveys
                
                    Listicles
                
                    Sponsored content
                
                    And more...
                
                    With
                
                    No
                
                    usage caps
                
Our plans are unlimited. No need to worry about views, how many times a quiz is taken, or how much data is collected.
        
                Publish anywhere
            
                Your Riddle quiz will work on any site, from Wordpress to Wix, Squarespace to Shopify. No complicated code – it’s as easy as embedding a YouTube video.
            
                Your quiz, your brand
            
                Live up to your branding standards with our appearance editor or dive deeper with custom CSS. Plus, any content you create is white-labelled.
            
                Collect incredible leads
            
                Convert better leads and export to 5,000 of your favorite marketing tools - from HubSpot and Klavijo to Salesforce and Google Sheets.
            
                We sweat the details - so you don’t have to.
            
                        Lightning-fast support
                    
                        We average 2.1 minutes to respond. Even Boris, our CEO, chips in.
                    
                        Mobile-friendly
                    
                        Quizzes look great on any device - desktop, tablet, phone... you name it.
                    
                        Fully accessible content
                    
                        WCAG 2.1-compliant to meet everyone’s needs.
                    
        For engagement
    
        Perfect to increase time on site, reader interaction, and social sharing
    
                        Create viral contests & giveaways
                    
                        Combine quizzes & forms to make contests that spike your user engagement.
                    
                        Increase your ad revenue
                    
                        Embed your own video or image ads. Manually insert your ad or display it from your ad server.
                    
                        Collaborate with your team
                    
                        Create with your colleagues in projects. Everyone gets their own login and access rights.
                    
                Start your free trial now
            
                Fantastic tool for engagement. Love it! It's so easy to use, and there's lots of variation so it's great for content marketing and lead generation. I also love the customer support I've had from Riddle. Any questions I have are quickly answered and with a smile.
            
                Katy Cowan
                
                    Founder - Creative Boom
                
                Riddle quiz maker is simple to use - and simply great. Be creative, go wild – it's easy to create fun experiences on any device and collect leads on the way.
            
                Mohammed Brueckner
                
                    Director, E-Commerce - Stage Entertainment
                
                Riddle helps our Children's Interactive team to quickly create engaging content that provide compelling data insights about our audience.
            
                Derek Harvie
                
                    Executive Producer - BBC (CBeebies & CBBC)
                
        For marketing
    
        Fantastic for generating better leads
    
                        Capture more detailed leads
                    
                        Gain insight into customers' preferences and motivations with personality quizzes.
                    
                        Retarget leads with Facebook Pixel
                    
                        Track and retarget conversions using a Facebook Pixel, Google Tag Manager, and more.
                    
                        Connect to your marketing tools
                    
                        Easily send leads to MailChimp, ActiveCampaign, AWeber, or any other marketing tool.
                    
                Start your free trial now
            
                I thought quizzes wouldn’t work. I was wrong - my first quiz got a 68% opt-in rate… 10X better than my previous email collection tools.
            
                Merilyn Beretta
                
                    Founder of LeadYourWorld
                
                We’ve reduced our acquisition costs by 60% with Riddle. It enables us to engage people better - which means they convert (and buy!) far more often.
            
                Laura Sagen
                
                    Founder of The Hair Fuel
                
            Make life easier with integrations.
        
            Connect Riddle quiz maker to your existing tools to streamline your work and marketing funnel.
        
                Read more here
            
Mailchimp
AWeber
Zapier
Google Sheets
Google Tag Manager
ActiveCampaign
Facebook
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
                Join the smart brands already using riddle
            
                    30-day money-back guarantee
                
Start your free trial today. There are no long-term contracts or set-up fees. Signing up is easy and you can cancel at any time.
                
                        Get started now
                    
                        Request a demo
                    
                    Support
                
                    Blog
                
                    API
                
                    Imprint
                
                    Terms of service
                
                    Privacy policy
                
                    Acceptable use
                
                    Cookies
                
                    Cookie settings
                
Your cookie settings
To help personalise content, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and provide a safer experience, we use cookies. By clicking on ‘Accept’, you agree to the processing and the sharing of your data with third parties. Your data can only be used to power our support chat, analytics, and the retargeting and displaying of personalized contents on third party websites such as our customer support chat tool. We like being transparent with our community - you can find more information on the processing through third parties in our settings as well as in our data policy. You can reject the use of all non-strictly necessary cookies or customize your cookie settings at any time by visiting the cookie settings.
Reject
Accept
Manage your cookie settings
Necessary cookies
More info
These cookies are necessary so that you can navigate through the pages and use essential functions.Session Cookie - stores a random ID number and expires when you close the browserGoogle Recaptcha - required to secure the login. Please read the Google Privacy Policy to learn more  
Analytical cookies
More info
These cookies are used for analytical purposes and help us to optimise your Riddle experience by tracking which pages you visit and which features you are using.Matomo Tag Manager - Used to load scripts and services like sendinblue.com and Matomo Analytics. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more   Matomo Analytics - used to understand which pages in our creation tools are visited and we also track the source of visitors to riddle.com through Matomo Analytics. We are anonymizing the visitors IP addresses.  Please read the Riddle Privacy Policy to learn more  
Cookies/services from third parties
More info
These cookies are used by third party services and help us provide a better experience for you. Our support chat will not work if you decline these cookies.sendinblue.com Chat - we are using sendinblue.com to power our support chat. Once you are logged in, your name and email as well as your subscription status will be transmitted to sendinblue.com to allow us to provide better and personalized support to you. sendinblue.com is based in Poland and the data is stored in the EU. Please read the sendinblue.com Privacy Policy to learn more  
Back 
                Accept selection