 
			Rise of AI | Connecting leading Minds in AI – Understand, Control, Apply Artificial Intelligence		
 
 
 
Events
Conference 2023
Conference 2022
Summit 2020
Virtual Chats
Conference 2019
Conference 2018
Alumni
Partner
Our Story
 
 Menu
Events
Conference 2023
Conference 2022
Summit 2020
Virtual Chats
Conference 2019
Conference 2018
Alumni
Partner
Our Story
 
Conference 2023
Rise of AI 2023 
9 & 10 MAY 2023 | Berlin & Virtual 
Learn more and join
								30,000+							
								Our community							
								25+							
								Events							
								1,000+							
								AI companies							
								2,000+							
								AI SOCIETY							
NETWORK… we support you in the fast-growing AI economy.KNOWLEDGE… that helps you make better decisions for a brighter future.INSPIRATION… showing you new ways into the future. 
								»Fabian collects a lot of brilliant thinkers.«
							
Daniel Jeffries
Author & Futurist
BECOME PART OF THE RISE OF AI COMMUNITY 
Receive news, updates and special offers before everyone else. 
SUBSCRIBE FOR NEWS
						Rise of AI helps you to learn, understand and adapt Artificial Intelligence.					
Fabian WesterheideCEO AI for Humans 
MEET THE GLOBAL AI ECOSYSTEM 
Chris Boos
Founder & CEO of arago | Member 'Digital Council' of German Government
 
Dr. Benjamin Goertzel
CEO at SingularityNET Foundation
 
Dr. Feiyu Xu
Senior Vice President, Global Head of Artificial Intelligence at SAP
 
Prof. Dr. Jürgen Schmidhuber
Director, AI Initiative, KAUST | Co-Founder & Chief Scientist, NNAISENSE | Scientific Director, Swiss AI Lab IDSIA
 
PROF. DR. KEVIN WARWICK
Professor of Cybernetics
 
Dr. Ulrike Franke
Policy Fellow at European Council on Foreign Relations
 
Prof. Dr. Hans Uszkoreit
Scientific Director at DFKI | Co-Founder & CTO Ginance Technologies
 
IRAKLI BERIDZE
Senior Strategy and Policy Advisor - Artificial Intelligence and Robotics at United Nations
 
More Society Members
ABOUT US 
 
Rise of AI started with 10 people discussing the Singularity in 2014. Today Rise of AI is Europe’s most influential platform for the growing Artificial Intelligence industry.Our mission is to build a thriving European ecosystem. We aim for AIs, which serve us and all human benefit with a longer and happier life.Therefore we organize the yearly Rise of AI Conference, Rise of AI Virtuals Chats and the Rise of AI Summit. Furthermore, we educate, create awareness, advise and invest within the young but growing AI industry.Our CEO, Fabian Westerheide, is an international expert on Artificial Intelligence strategy, entrepreneur and venture capitalist. An avid sci-fi lover from childhood, Fabian has turned his lifelong passion for technology and human progress into his mission.As CEO of Pandora Events Berlin and Co-Founder and COO of Rise of AI Conference, Veronika Westerheide has many years of experience in organizing high-quality, exciting tech and AI events. She is well-connected with leading AI companies, associations and other stakeholders and is also committed to the European AI ecosystem as Director Events & Network at KI Park e. V..Since 2012, Veronika has been supporting well-known, globally active companies in the digital industry with the realization of their events. With more than 300 successfully managed event projects and more than 15,000 guests, Veronika Westerheide stands for comprehensive expertise in all areas of the high-end event business; in Germany, Europe and worldwide 
About us & Our Story
AI ECOSYSTEM 
Friends & Family 
 
 
The KI Bundesverband and Rise of AI have entered into a joint cooperation with the goal of working to build, promote, and protect the German AI ecosystem. 
Rise of AI is a member of KI Park e.V. for the promotion of applied AI in medium-sized businesses and corporations. 
 
Rise of AI supports the Deep Tech Award as jury member for AI and with our network. 
If you would like to partner with us, please speak with Veronika and Fabian.  
×
 
 
 
 
Sessions
 
Previous speaker
 
Next speaker
 
×
 
 
 
Links
 
 
Previous partner
 
Next partner
 
×
 
 
Session info
 
 
 
 
Previous
 
Next
 
 
WRITE US: CONTACT@RISEOF.AI 
Facebook-f
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin-in
 
Partner
Team
Society
Content
Contact
Imprint
LEGAL
Privacy policy
We use cookies, because AI needs data. Read our privacy policy for details. Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
								Non-necessary							
Non-necessary
									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								
SAVE & ACCEPT