Robin Data ComplianceOS | The full-service solution
 
+49 3461 479236-0LoginLanguage
EnglishGerman
 
Solutions
	SOLUTIONS
Get to know our solutions for your compliance, data protection and information security. A perfect fit for internal and external data protection officers as well as companies and authorities.
REQUEST A QUOTE → 
SOFTWARE
ComplianceOS®Data protectionInformation Securityrisk managementAsset Management 
SERVICES
Services at a glanceData Protection-as-a-ServiceInformation Security-as-a-ServiceCompliance audit 
IT SOLUTIONS
Microsoft 365 managed GDPRCyber security insurability analysis 
 
Academy
TRAININGS →
Online and offline training in the area of data protection and information security
Training offers →Basic training data protection →IT security training → 
INFORMATION →
Get valuable information and news about data protection and information security
Download magazine →Read blog →Listen to podcast →Visit Help Center →Join Community → 
EVENTS →
Receive support in the implementation of your company data protection
Demos for the Robin Data Software [online] →Hacks for the Robin Data Software [online] →Meet the Experts on Data Protection and Information Security [online] → 
 
 
Partners
	EXPERTS UNITED
Part of a strong network. Learn more about the possibility of a cooperation with Robin Data and get to know our partners.
TO THE PARTNER PROGRAMME → 
	BECOME A PARTNER
Consulting partner →IT solution partner →Reseller → 
	GET TO KNOW PARTNERS
Partner overview →Feedback from our partners → 
 
 
Robin Data
	ROBIN DATA
Robin Data GmbH develops and operates a software platform for the implementation of data protection and information security. Through integrated consulting and IT services, we offer customers an end-to-end service experience.	
REQUEST A QUOTE → 
	COMPANY
About us →Prof. Dr. Andre Döring →Career →Press →Newsletter → 
	SUCCESS STORIES
City of Merseburg →Westpfalz Klinikum GmbH →Unterschütz Sondermaschinenbau GmbH →The Transfer Strength Method®→.Datenschutzzentrale GmbH → 
 
Book a demoRequest offer
Menu
Menu
 
Robin Data ComplianceOS®
The Compliance Operating System
Record legal requirements and recognised norms and standards. Combine them into a compliance system that is legally sound. Rely on effective risk management. Reduce loss of control, increase transparency and legal certainty.
Book a demo
Request offer
Robin Data stands for highest quality and safety standardsand is TÜV certified.
Link to: Robin Data is ISO 9001 certifiedLink to: Robin Data is ISO 27001 certified
Flexible use
Robin Data ComplianceOS can be used flexibly and adapts to the requirements of your company structure.
Combine different compliance fields and use synergy effects.
Highest transparency
Whether national or international laws and standards: link your data and requirements for a legally secure compliance system. See correlations and key figure developments at a glance.
Automated
IT services and workflows from third-party systems can be connected to ComplianceOS via a modern interface and microservices, thus automating your processes.
Full-Service
We are happy to set up your Robin Data ComplianceOS according to your wishes, conduct audits and offer expert advice in compliance fields such as data protection and information security throughout Germany, on site and digitally.
Shape compliance digitally
The software solution for compliance: data protection, information security and other compliance fields
Make your compliance fields, such as data protection and information security, digital and efficient. The Robin Data solution is up to your challenge. And tailored to your needs: solved independently with our software or implemented with the support of our experts.
+ 700Customers from 250 different industries
+ 50Advisors regionally available throughout Germany
+ 2500Legally compliant templates in Robin Data COS
Combine your desired products and compliance fields
Robin Data ComplianceOS®
Products and services
ComplianceOS®The software solution for compliance fields, e.g. data protection and information security.
Data Protection-as-a-ServiceCombine software solution with individual consultation.
Information Security-as-a-ServiceCombine software solution with individual consultation.
Why choose Robin Data
Follow a manual added linkReferencesSatisfied customers
Link to: EventsFunctions and compliance fields 
Data protectionImplement GDPR-compliant documentation, use templates
Information SecurityEstablish standards, increase transparency
Quality managementImprove processes, increase effectiveness and efficiency
Legal ComplianceIncrease legal certainty and reduce liability risks
risk managementIdentify, assess and manage risks
Asset ManagementAssess protection needs and minimise failures
Audit managementConduct audits, continuously improve processes
WhistleblowerKnow EU requirements and implement them in a compliance-compliant manner
Reports & AnalysesKeeping an eye on key figures, evaluating performance
Supplier evaluationRecord supplier risk, avoid grievances
Process automationOptimise workflows and automate processes
API interfacesConnecting external systems and interacting across the board
More legal certainty and less complexity
Digital solutions and personal consultation for your application
Solutions for
Internal controllers
Are you responsible for implementing compliance, data protection or information security?
With Robin Data, you can demonstrably meet compliance requirements, ensure the implementation of derived measures and be relieved of your workload through automated compliance processes.
Compliance managementSolutions for
Companies and authorities
Are you looking for support on the topic of compliance, data protection or information security?
With Robin Data, you achieve effective compliance through digital solutions and personal advice in the form of a full-service solution. We support you throughout Germany and advise you on site.
ServicesSolutions for
External consultants
Are you an external consultant for clients in the area of compliance, data protection or information security?
With Robin Data, you increase revenue per customer by benefiting from multi-client work, cross-customer activity management and automated communication.
Partner program
Service / Software / Automation
Robin Data ComplianceOS®
Services
Our services include building your compliance system, providing advice in compliance fields such as data protection and information security, and enabling the automation of your compliance processes through microservices.
compliance platform.
Record the requirements of national and international laws and standards and combine them with your processes, measures, risks and evidence to create a legally compliant compliance system. ComplianceOS® brings transparency to relevant fields of action and automates compliance processes.
Automation
Work in an integrated and cross-system manner. IT services and workflows from third-party systems can be connected to the compliance management system via a modern interface and microservices, thus automating your processes.
What is your next goal?
Establish a digital compliance management system
Optimise my organisation's compliance management
Implement a digital data protection management system
Optimise the data protection management of my organisation
Appoint a data protection officer
Implement a digital information security management system
Optimise the information security management of my organisation
Appoint an information security officer
Conduct an internal information security audit
Inform myself in general about the solutions of Robin Data
What customers and partners of Robin Data say
We wanted a modern and digital implementation of our data protection management system. Robin Data convinced us with the functions, the many templates, the automation options and the very competent and friendly service as well as the cooperation with a partner nearby.
Westpfalz-Klinikum GmbHData Protection Officer Myriam Marleyhttps://www.robin-data.io/westpfalz-klinikum-gmbh–To the Customer Success Story
Robin Data convinced us with its ease of use and the possibility to work on the topic of data protection together in the company. The consistent digitalisation and the well thought-out data protection process in the Robin Data software, in addition to the possibility of importing existing data protection elements, influenced our decision in favour of Robin Data".
Unterschütz Sondermaschinenbau GmbHStefanie Röthelhttps://www.robin-data.io/kundenreferenz-unterschuetz-sondermaschinenbau-gmbh–To the Customer Success Story
Compliance with data protection in accordance with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation is a matter of fact for us - this is how we want to offer our guests a trusting environment to relax in and a home away from home. In order to correctly implement the specific requirements in service management, we worked with Mr. Döring from Robin Data. We are happy to recommend him.
Villa MarburgManaging Director Dr. Heike Wenzelhttps://villa-marburg.de/–Website Villa Marburg
"Does it all have to be implemented?" clients ask us. Since Robin Data, a lot has changed for us in terms of argumentation. Because so much has been prepared and automated, we suddenly have valuable time resources to deal with individual data protection issues at the client's site.
Wolfgang EversManaging Director of DSZ GmbHhttps://www.robin-data.io/datenschutzzentrale–To the Customer Success Story
The topic of data protection is of great importance in all divisions of the WENZEL Group with regard to the trustworthiness towards our customers as well as our employees. With the increasing digitalization of our processes as well as our products, the need for protection and security of the same increases in addition to the actual data volumes. At this point, we would like to thank Prof. Dr. Andre Döring for his excellent cooperation.
Wenzel GroupManaging Director Prof. Dr. Heiko-Wenzel-Schinzerhttps://www.wenzel-group.com/de/–Website Wenzel Group
As a medium-sized company, data protection is very important to us. However, we often do not have the resources to take care of it accordingly. Robin Data takes the burden off us. With the help of the Robin Data software we work very closely and efficiently together. A big thank you to Professor Döring and his team!
FACO Metalltechnik GmbH + Co KGManaging Partner André Fahlhttps://faco-metalltechnik.de/–Website FACO Metalltechnik GmbH + Co. KG
With Robin Data I can efficiently serve all clients in a legally compliant manner. The integrated templates allow very efficient work, which makes every client happy! Keep it up - great support!
L-E-C.COM GmbHManaging Partner Lars Ebertzhttps://www.ebertz-datenschutz.de/–Website L-E-C.COM GmbH
For us as a specialist in learning transfer and sustainable change, the topic of data protection is fundamental. That is why we are very happy to know that this important topic is in good hands with Robin Data. This allows us to focus fully on the needs of our customers.
Prof. Dr. Axel KochManaging Director The Transfer Strength Method®https://www.robin-data.io/die-transferstaerke-methode–To the Customer Success Story
PreviousNext
Prof. Dr. Andre DöringCEO & Founder of Robin Data GmbH
Companies are under massive pressure to protect data and information from cyber threats. The implementation of legal requirements and internal policies within the company is an important part of ensuring the security of data. Compliance with these requirements becomes manageable through the implementation of a compliance management system.
Record legal requirements and recognised norms and standards. Combine these into a compliance management system that is compliant with the law. Rely on effective risk management. Reduce loss of control, increase transparency and legal certainty.
For the reputation of your company and the security of your customers' data. We are happy to support you in this.
About me
Robin Data Academy
All information from one source in the Robin Data Compliance Academy. The Robin Data Academy offers numerous training formats for beginners and experts. You can also listen to our podcast, read our magazine or find out more on our blog.
Events
Take advantage of Robin Data's events on compliance, data protection and information security to educate yourself or raise awareness among your employees.
Events
Help Center
Find out more about data protection legislation and the functions of Robin Data ComplianceOS® in our Help Centre. Step-by-step and explained via video tutorial.
Help Center
Blog
Read current reports on compliance, data protection and information security, information on data protection fines or data breaches. Current topics for those interested in compliance.
Blog
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter with information on Robin Data software, events and developments in compliance, data protection and information security.
Newsletter
Community
Robin Data runs its own online community for data protection experts and people interested in the topic, where questions are answered by experts and current topics are discussed.
Community
Podcast
Exciting interviews with experts on current topics around compliance, data protection and information security. Privacy Review the podcast for data protectionists with Prof. Dr. Andre Döring.
Podcast
Robin Data Events Compliance
Robin Data offers online demos as well as online workshops and training courses on the topics of compliance, data protection and information security. Suitable for beginners and experts and largely free of charge.
Online Demo for Robin Data ComplianceOS®
Get an insight into the structure and functional scope of Robin Data ComplianceOS® in the one-hour appointment and ask your questions from the user's point of view. First book a short get-to-know meeting.
 Online
 1 hour
 Free of charge
Make an appointment nowRobin Data Hacks
In the one-hour appointment, we present a function of our ComplianceOS® software, such as risk management or the performance of a maturity analysis of your management system, in detail.
 Online
 1 hour
 Free of charge
To the details and dates
Blog Articles
Compliance management in the companyWiki The most important information on compliance management: corporate obligations, norms and standards, and setting up a compliance management system.Read more13 March 2023
https://media.robin-data.io/2023/03/13123906/Compliance-Management.jpg
343
685
Nadine Porrmann
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/07/05140916/Robin-Data_ComplianceOS_white_logo.png
Nadine Porrmann2023-03-13 13:23:522023-04-18 13:59:41Compliance management in the companyThe Supply Chain Act (LkSG)Wiki The Supply Chain Act (LkSG) came into force on 01.01.2023. Learn about the current regulations and obligations for companies in the article.Read more2 January 2023
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/05/23150314/Drittlaender.jpg
343
685
Nadine Porrmann
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/07/05140916/Robin-Data_ComplianceOS_white_logo.png
Nadine Porrmann2023-01-02 17:16:212023-03-28 12:16:17The Supply Chain Act (LkSG)What to do in the event of an IT security incident?Wiki The most important facts about IT security incidents. Learn practical tips on recognising and dealing with IT emergencies in the article.Read more7 December 2022
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/12/07140455/IT-Sicherheitsvorfall.png
343
685
Devin Yu
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/07/05140916/Robin-Data_ComplianceOS_white_logo.png
Devin Yu2022-12-07 13:52:452023-01-16 13:34:15What to do in the event of an IT security incident?The activity report according to the GDPRWiki Templates, whitepapers and implementation of the activity report according to the GDPR. Create the activity report automatically in just a few steps.Read more4 March 2022
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/05/23150313/Dokumentationspflichten.jpg
343
685
Caroline Schwabe
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/07/05140916/Robin-Data_ComplianceOS_white_logo.png
Caroline Schwabe2022-03-04 10:32:482023-04-05 10:04:50The activity report according to the GDPRErasure concept according to the GDPRWiki Samples, templates and examples for your GDPR erasure concept according to DIN 66398. Automatically create the erasure concept.Read more17 December 2021
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/05/23150329/Verzeichnis-Verarbeitungstaetigkeiten.jpg
343
685
Caroline Schwabe
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/07/05140916/Robin-Data_ComplianceOS_white_logo.png
Caroline Schwabe2021-12-17 14:04:292023-04-05 11:00:12Erasure concept according to the GDPRWhistleblower Protection ActNews The deadline for the Whistleblower Protection Act is 17 December 2021. Current developments, obligations for companies.Read more7 December 2021
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/05/23150341/Cookie-Urteil.jpg
341
685
Caroline Schwabe
https://media.robin-data.io/2022/07/05140916/Robin-Data_ComplianceOS_white_logo.png
Caroline Schwabe2021-12-07 13:28:212023-03-07 09:45:33Whistleblower Protection Act
Request a quote for Robin Data ComplianceOS®
We will be happy to provide you with an offer that suits your needs.
Request a quote now
Here Europe is investing in the future of our country
Robin Data is supported by financial assistance from the European Regional Development Fund (EFRE).
   
 
+49 3461 479236-0
Visit free demo
Robin Data About us
Prof. Dr. Andre Döring
Career
Press
Contact 
 Mon-Fri:
09:00 - 17:00
Legal Privacy policy
Legal Disclosure
Gender reference
Sitemap
General Terms and Conditions of Business
Terms of Use
 
 
 
Academy Events
Newsletter
Blog
Community
Help Center
Magazine 
Edition 01/20
Edition 02/20
 Podcast#16 Apple Privacy Features, Interview on EU Standard Contractual Clauses, Nationwide Car Scanning AKLS#14 Data protection ruling, interview on data sovereignty, ePrivacy regulation
 © Copyright - Robin Data GmbH
Scroll to top
 
 
 
 
 