RUNALYZE - Data analysis for athletes
Features
Showcase
Team
Premium
Pricing
Sign in
Register
                    Training analysis for                    
                    RUNALYZE is a manufacturer-independent analysis platform for endurance athletes, that helps athletes to train smarter.                
Create account for free
Sign in
Boost your training analysis
Effective VO2max
                VO2max is a scientific metric for the maximal oxygen uptake that is highly correlated with your maximal running performance. RUNALYZE will estimate this value for you.            
Privacy first
                Your data is yours! We don't sell any data. All default settings are set to private and you can choose what you want to share.            
Race prediction
                Based on your effective VO2max and a unique marathon shape calculation, you will always get an up-to-date prediction for every of your favorite distances from 3k to (ultra-)marathon.            
Training Load
                Based on your heart rate, every activity is considered for your overall training load.                This model for human performance enables us to point out your acute and chronic training load.            
Equipment
                You can track your equipment in any level of detail. Never forget to replace overstrained running shoes or bicycle parts again.            
Visual Statistics
                Trend analysis, boxplots, dynamic histograms, arbitrary summaries and tons of data tables – RUNALYZE tracks and analyzes every bit of your activities.            
Compatible with
            See our full list of compatible devices and apps.        
            Create a free account and start analyzing your activities.        
                You can also sign up with your Facebook or Google account.            
Know your condition at any time
                        RUNALYZE knows your training condition at all times. The calculations will help you to control your training and our running forecasts help you to have a better feeling at the starting line on competition day.                    
Always keep an eye on your latest activities
                        Never loose track of your current activities. The calendar view is always showing you the most important parameters of your latest training sessions.                    
Power Curve
Heart Rate Curve
Pace Curve
Your performance curves
                        RUNALYZE gives you the possibility to take a look at your last 90 days performance curves. Not only power, but also heart rate and pace.                    
Compare your performances
                        With the help of our performance chart you are able to compare all your competition results regarding age grade, effective VO2max or speed.                    
                        Which is your best discipline and which races have you not been able to fully exploit your potential performance in?                    
Histogram
Anova
Trend Analysis
Progression graph
Analyze your complete history
                        RUNALYZE gives you the possibility to understand your completed training. Dive deep into your data and see how the individual values have changed over time.                    
Have fun climbing some hills
                        Climbing a mountain is always special and a tough challenge – not just since riders at the Tour de France show us how to conquer the toughest mountains.                    
                        RUNALYZE will categorize all climbs in your activities and analyze them, from little hills of the 5th category up to mountains of 'Hors catégorie' (HC).                    
Calendar
Circle
Grid
Heatmap
Visualize your activities
                        Generate posters from your training data – Share them in the social media or print them out and hang them on the wall as a memory of a good training year.                    
Runalyze Premium
Best segments
                By looking at the best distance results, you can examine your fastest times over a variety of distances - whether from a race or a normal (tempo) workout.
            
Quality sessions
                In order to be best prepared for the next competition, runners cannot avoid the necessary tempo training.
                We offer you a direct look at your key workouts: How did you perform on the paced intervals?
            
Moving average mileage
                Stop looking only at your weekly mileage:
                Look at your moving average mileage, whether for a year, a month or a week.
            
Poster generator
                Enjoy your all time heatmap with map tiles as background.
            
Tiles counter
                Look at where you've been exercising and try to maximize your visited tiles.
            
 
Historic HRV values
                Plot the trend of your activity's hrv values, e.g. rmssd and DFA-alpha1.
            
Colored tracks
                Color your tracks by pace, heart rate, power, altitude, gradient, cadence or stride length.
            
Get Runalyze Premium
Check your fastest times
                            You don't run official competitions over all distances, and you don't always achieve your actual best performance in competition. And yet you want to know when you were how fast over a certain distance?
                        
                            By looking at the best distance results, you can examine your fastest times over a variety of distances - whether from a race or a normal (tempo) workout.
                        
Start chasing tiles
                            Are you bored with the same routes over and over again? Motivate yourself to explore new routes! Our Tiles counter shows you where you've been and how big your network is. Start exploring new routes and areas now and increase your cluster and max square.
                        
Create poster for all your activities
                            As a Premium user, you can create the visualization posters for your complete activities across all years, not just for a single year. So you can create the heatmap of your entire sports history. You can also use maps as background for the heatmap.
                        
Find and visualize the longest streaks in your training history.
                            Streak running, i.e. running (or exercising) every day, can be an additional motivation. Runalyze shows you your longest streaks and visualizes your data as a calendar heatmap.
                        
Get Runalyze Premium
Team
            RUNALYZE is brought to you from Kaiserslautern and Kiel in Germany. We are all passionate runners and love what we do.        
            You want to support us? Feel free to drop us a line or become a Runalyze supporter!        
Hannes
                Chief Developer
                Officer/Head of RUNALYZE
            
Michael
                DevOp
                Officer/Head of RUNALYZE
            
Start your analysis now 
            Create a free account and start analyzing your activities.        
                You can also sign up with your Facebook or Google account.            
Questions?
                        Any questions left? We are there for you.                        Ask your questions in our Forum or Facebook Community.                    
Need help?
                        Do you have troubles with your account?
                        Contact our Support.                    
RUNALYZE
English
Deutsch
Polski
Català
Nederlandse
Italiano
Español
Français
Norsk
suomi
中文 (33％已翻译)
русский
Hungarian (50%)
Česky
Português
Português Brasileiro
Follow us
Customer Care
Blog
Forum
Community
Feature Requests
Documentation
Help and Support
Glossary
Translations
Status
API
Tools
Effective VO2max
FIT file viewer
About
Pricing
Features
Compatible devices
Changelog
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Legal notice