Your Darling among the Content Marketing Agencies - sayang.gmbh
Skip to content
MENUMENUContent Marketing Services
Digital Marketing
Content Marketing DefinitionContactThis is us 
Your Darling among the Content Marketing Agencies
Sayang. The Indonesian word for darling. And the perfect name for our Content Marketing Agency. Because we at sayang.gmbh love what we do: Digital Content Marketing and Digital Communication. 
Our promise: We help you to achieve your marketing and communication goals.
That sounds exciting. I want to make contact!
Who we are
The sayang.gmbh was founded by Karsten Lohmeyer and Stephan Goldmann. Both are  among Germany’s opinion leaders in Content Marketing and Digital Communication. 
We develop digital strategies for our customers from medium-sized businesses, the Dax, trade fairs and associations. We help them to reach their target groups with high-quality content. 
What we strategically plan, we also implement. Our clients appreciate our many years of experience, our professionalism, our commitment, our performance-oriented work – and our open minded communication style. 
Our motto: Added value with appreciation. 
What clients say about us*
“With the team around Karsten Lohmeyer we were able to massively increase our online performance and competence in native ads. We appreciate the cooperative partnership and attach great importance to the creative exchange”.Matthias WehrleDirector Marketing DACH Com., ZEISS Vision Care“Karsten Lohmeyer and Stephan Goldmann provided us with significant support in setting up our editorial processes. Thanks to their digital expertise, we were able to smoothly implement a very extensive change in a large editorial department – with new planning tools and CMS as well as completely transformed processes”.Martin KunzADAC, Head of Communication“Whether on the subject of corporate blog, press work with a small budget or with recurring topics: The tailor-made in-house seminars with Stephan Goldman are not only competent and rich in content, but also fun!”Manuela OsterlohBKK Landesverband Bayern, Head of Communication“You have helped us a great deal. Perhaps you are not even aware of it. Directly and indirectly, you made it clear to the team that something new had been created, something that a communicator should not be left out.”Ohne NamensnennungManager via e-Mail.“Karsten and Stephan are always highly relevant and competent sparring partners for me in all questions of digital communication. I appreciate their pioneering spirit and their passion for new ways of communication.”Florian MartensDaimler, Head of Global Communications Trucks & Buses“Anyone who is involved in digital communication and content marketing can hardly get past Karsten Lohmeyer. He conveys his comprehensive knowledge in a competent and friendly manner and always at eye level!”Wilfried Sauer KSB, Head of Corporate Communication“Fast, uncomplicated and very competent. With Karsten we have already generated several thousand new contacts in a very short time.”Anke HenslerBlackroll, Head of Communications
*Disclosure: Quotations and customer logos partly refer to earlier projects before the foundation of sayang.gmbh
I want to get in contact.
How we help you in achieving your Content Marketing goals
The marketing discipline of Content Marketing is already highly complex by definition and requires the interaction of various trades – from analysis and strategy to platform development and regular content creation to distribution. Here is an overview of our services.
Our Content-Marketing-Services
Strategy & Consulting
Whether corporate newsroom, digital PR or social media presence: we develop your Content Marketing Strategy.
Learn More
Operations
We implement what we plan: from individual texts to newsroom operations and social media management.
Learn More
Distribution
Content is king, distribution is queen: Whether SEO, SEA, social media or native advertising, e.g. with Taboola/Outbrain.
Learn More
Know-how
No more buzzword bingo: digital work needs to be learned. We bring you up to eye level.
Learn More
Development
No Content Marketing without owned or shared platforms – we build your social media channels and websites
Learn More
Future Reach
Just don’t lose the connection: We’re always looking for new ways of digital communication. For you and for us.
Learn More
The best Content Marketing Agency …
… is in our eyes always the one who stands by their customers in partnership when it comes to the strategic and operative questions of modern Content Marketing: 
How do I still get my messages through to the customer?  
How do I strengthen my brand? 
How can content marketing help me achieve my communication and marketing goals?
Which contents and channels make sense – and which do not?
Are we the best content marketing agency for you? You can only find out in a personal conversation.
I think we should talk.
Imprint
Privacy policy