Home - SEAWATER Cubes
  
How it works
About us
Knowledge
FAQ
Blog
Company
Team
Contact
Book consultation
DE
 
Select Page
  
 
 
Fish farming as your new pillarTurn­key. Ful­ly auto­ma­ted. Profitable.
Find out more
Known from
We are SEAWATER
As engi­neers and busi­ness eco­no­mists, we look at fish far­ming from a dif­fe­rent per­spec­ti­ve. In the last few years, we have mana­ged to deve­lop a ful­ly auto­ma­ted sys­tem that makes it easy for peo­p­le from out­side the indus­try to get star­ted in aquacul­tu­re. More about us. 
Innovation. Drive. Consistency.
With the SEAWATER Cube you enter a sca­lable busi­ness model,
… that mini­mi­zes trans­port distances and helps to pro­tect oce­ans from over­fi­shing.… that is tan­gi­ble and offers con­su­mers regio­nal food.… that is inde­pen­dent of cri­ses and sus­tainable.
And by the way… if you need an exci­ting sto­ry for your acquain­tances for the next din­ner event: start here, it easier and fas­ter than you think.
WHAT AWAITS YOU
Scientifically foundedand years of proven plant technology
You are inte­res­ted in tech­ni­cal details and would like to have a clo­ser look at the pro­duc­tion figu­res? Read our data sheet to find out how much flo­or space is requi­red for the plant, what the elec­tri­cal con­nec­ted load is and what annu­al out­put can be achieved.
Down­load datasheet
Full visibility through IT-controlled,mobile remote monitoring.
The Cubes is uni­que due to its soft­ware. It con­trols all pro­ces­ses ful­ly auto­ma­ti­cal­ly within our gui­de­line values. This redu­ces the workload and maxi­mi­zes pro­duc­tion relia­bi­li­ty. Via app, the plant can be ope­ra­ted at any time and from any­whe­re.
YOU ARE SUITABLE AS AQUACULTURIST IF YOU
…want to set yourentre­pre­neu­ri­al acti­vi­tiesmore sus­tainable.
… you are a con­nois­seurwho likes to share high qua­li­ty with others.
… if you want to buildyour own brand witha pro­ven con­cept.
It really works
CUSTOMER VOICES
AIXPONIC GMBH
Our pilot cus­to­mer from Aachen will start up its first plant inclu­ding pro­ces­sing in fall 2022. It will be sto­cked with gil­thead and the dis­tri­bu­ti­on will be ope­ra­ted locally.
„We deci­ded to buy a SEAWATER Cube becau­se we are con­vin­ced of the sus­tainable and regio­nal con­cept. We see recir­cu­la­ting aquacul­tu­re sys­tems as the future of fish far­ming.„Peter Becker, CEO Aixponic.
START NOW
No more bor­ing invest­ments! A high-tech gad­get with impact and real sca­ling poten­ti­al awaits you. Learn how to build a sus­tainable fish far­ming busi­ness, dri­ve nut­ri­tio­nal trans­for­ma­ti­on and make your com­mu­ni­ty food independent. 
Learn more
Impressions
 People, opinions and insights – from our daily business
On Lin­ke­dIn, Insta­gram and You­tube, we take you with us into our ever­y­day SEAWATER life. On our com­pa­ny account and tho­se of our employees, you can find out whe­re the next plant will be built, what makes working in our start­up so exci­ting and how we cele­bra­te suc­cess tog­e­ther. Have fun exploring.
#new­ways­of­fi­shf­ar­ming #dai­ly­busi­ness #sea­wa­te­ron­tour
Fol­low us on LinkedIn
 
Kontakt | Karriere | Presse
Impressum | Datenschutz | AGB
Newsletter abonnieren
Login | Konto
Kundenbereich
Newsletter abonnieren
Kontakt | Karriere | Presse | Impressum | Datenschutz | AGB
Login | Konto
Kundenbereich
 
 
 