App for documentation and maintenance of components and systems - sFIX - Service & Maintenance 4.0
EN
DE
 
 
EN
DE
Advantages
Infos
Blog
Prices
References
Contact
 
Scroll
Digital maintenanceand documentation
  sFIX digitizes the maintenance and documentation of your complex industrial plant and lowers the maintenance costs - easily, efficiently and reliably.
 
 
Reduction of maintenance costs
Optimal maintenance is not only a prerequisite for efficient processes, but also offers significant potential for reducing maintenance costs. Save time and money with digital support for the entire maintenance process.
Easy integration and operation
Since sFIX was developed by the plant manufacturer, the focus is on easy operation of the software. Operation is possible without any training or IT knowledge. The integration of existing systems takes place flat-rate and without great effort.
Transparent & clear documentation
By scanning the QR code on the machine, sFIX enables access to all documentation and maintenance logs at any time. An overview and actuality of all locations and their machines significantly reduces the costs of spare parts and makes their procurement effective.
Overview with low effort
Conventional maintenance was and is mostly organized in e.g. Excel tables, which mean enormous maintenance and a lot of administrative work. Avoid these high personnel costs and concentrate on the essentials with digital support.
 
System Overview
The most important master data and contacts
Component list
All machines in one overview
Maintenance manual
Never miss an interval
Maintenance process
Easy documentation with pen and text
Maintenance manual
With integrated photo function
Documents
All in one overview
Maintenance history
All true logs can be viewed
 
CENTRAL ADMINISTRAITION
Simple and clear 
DATA MANAGEMENT
Forward planning 
MAINTENANCE HISTORY
Logs available 
 MAP
Across-locations transparency 
 
 
INTUITIVE OPERATION
Increases the fun factor
SATISFACTION
Faster to a sense of achievement
STRESS REDUCTION
Better to look for a coffee break than operating instructions
SAFETY
No doubt about proper maintenance
 
REDUCTION OF MAINTENANCE COSTS
With digitally supported preventive maintenance
CLARITY - ACROSS-LOCATIONS
All components and systems at a glance
INTUITIVE OPERATION
Secures the use of the software - no IT knowledge required
SIMPLE INTEGRATION INTO EXISTING SYSTEM
Without much effort and in a short time
REDUCTION OF EXCESSIVE DEMAND
All essential information about maintenance is available - at all times
SELF-AMORTIZING
The software pays for itself in a short time
EFFICIENT MAINTENANCE PLANNING
Optimizing your processes
FAILURE REDUCING
Avoid accidents and downtimes
 
The 3 simple steps to integrate your existing plant
easy & smart
The fear that the integration of an existing plant and the digitalization of maintenance processes in sFIX represents a major effort is unjustified. Learn more.
Read more … The 3 simple steps to integrate your existing plant
 
 
License package | monthly
from 39,90 € net
up to 150 components 
Flate-rate integration | non-recurring
149,00 € net
for all constructions 
Test our free demo version for 14 days!
REQUEST FREE DEMO ACCESS NOW
 
 
 
First name*
Last name*
Company*
Branch of industry*
E-Mail*
Phone*
 The processing of the given data is solely for contacting and processing. Further information about the contact form can be found in the privacy policy .*
Send
 
 
© 2023 sFIX - Service & Maintenance 4.0
Privacy PolicyImprint
Start
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Settings saved
Privacy Settings
We use cookies to optimize our website for you and to continuously improve it, as well as to display news, articles and advertisements in line with your interests. By confirming the "Accept all" button, you agree to the use of for Google Analytics too. Further information is available in our Privacy Policy.
Only technilcally necessary
Accept all
Skip navigation
Start
Privacy Policy
Imprint
EN
DE