Shape-Shift
ABOUT
SERVICES
PROJECTS
TEAM
CONTACT
VR Experience
Speicherstadt digital
VR Experience
Speicherstadt digital
Realtime Skin
Custom UE4 Skin Shader
Previous
Next
We are
We create interactive media experiences.
 Our company offers solutions for a wide range of realtime applications. We have a strong expertise in Virtual
    and Mixed Reality, Game Development and Visualization. If you want to explore and conquer the digital world in
    innovative ways,
    we are the right partner for your ideas. Our technical know-how can help you, from consulting and prototyping, up to
    the development of customized software. There are many possibilities to strengthen your potential with Virtual
    Reality and Gamification
    and we accompany you on the way to fully unfold this. We use state of the art technology and develop for a wide
    range of platforms to bring your vision to life.
  
Get in Touch
Our services
3D Modeling
                    High quality and realtime ready assets based on your concept.
                
Game Development
                    We don't just love games, we love making them!
                
Programming
                    From production tools to components and plugins, just tell us what you need.
                
Work
Speicherstadt digital
William Lindley AR
Endurance
Bruja Rampage
WoodMachine
Pflege Digital
The Team
Benjamin Assig
3D Artist
Ben is an experienced 3D-Artist with a focus on games and other realtime applications. His passion is to turn plans and visions into (virtual) reality. With precision, an eye for details and the latest techniques available he creates custom 3D models, textures and materials.
Oliver Eichner
Programmer
Oli is a computer scientist, software architect and game developer. Connecting bare bones of tech to robust fully grown solutions, he loves to solve complex problems.
Benjamin Assig
3D Artist
Ben is an experienced 3D-Artist with a focus on games and other realtime applications. His passion is to turn plans and visions into (virtual) reality. With precision, an eye for details and the latest techniques available he creates custom 3D models, textures and materials.
Oliver Eichner
Programmer
Oli is a computer scientist, software architect and game developer. Connecting bare bones of tech to robust fully grown solutions, he loves to solve complex problems.
Contact us
Hamburg, Germany
mail@shape-shift.de
        This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By clicking "Accept" or continuing to use the site, you
        acknowledge that you agree to the use of cookies.
      
View Policy
Accept
Impressum / Legal Notice
© 2019-2023 Shape-Shift