Berlin Tech News from Silicon Allee
 
Who we are
Campus
Funding
News
Jobs
Join us
 
Interview
Investment
Startup Life
Mobility
Software
Sustainability
Health
Public
Other
 
 
How to Set up a VC Fund to Deploy Capital in German Startups (Part 1)
	By Silicon Allee on May 3, 2023	| Investment
  
 
Breaking the Taboo of Menstruation: How Hormonella is Empowering Women to Take Charge of their Hormones
	By Silicon Allee on April 13, 2023	| Berlin Founders Fund
  
 
How to Navigate the Infamous German Tax System – a (Quick) Guide for VCs
	By Silicon Allee on April 6, 2023	| Investment
For non-EU based investors, navigating the tax system in a foreign country can be a whole new level of headache. With the right knowledge and planning, non-EU based VCs and angels can still  successfully invest in German startups while minimizing their tax liabilities.
   
 
Shining a Light on Women’s Health: Luise Müller and Dana Aronovici’s Journey on Taking on Endometriosis
	May 5, 2023	| Berlin Founders Fund
 
 
How to Hustle your German VC Fund into Existence
	January 11, 2023	| Investment
 
 
Founder Stories: The Cambridge Grad and Founder on a Mission to Tame Chronic Pain
	December 1, 2022	| Berlin Founders Fund
 
 
VC Investing in Germany is Complicated, but it’s not Impossible
	November 23, 2022	| Investment
 
 
8 Ways American Angels Can Access the German VC Market
	November 8, 2022	| Investment
 
 
Founder Stories with Conor Lamb from SkinTheory
	November 1, 2022	| Berlin Founders Fund
 
Get emails you’ll actually want to open from Silicon Allee.
With the latest startup news, invitations to events, inspiration and more.
Subscribe
Contact us
team@siliconallee.com
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Imprint (Impressum)
 
Silicon Allee Campus
Chausseestraße 19
10115 Berlin
 
   
 
 
We use a few cookies. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing with our Privacy Policy.  OKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
                            Necessary 
                        
Always Enabled 
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
                            Non-necessary 
                        
Non-necessary
 
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.