Real-time data and pre- and post-trade digitization with TTMzero
  
Companies
Solutions
Pricing
About
About
About us
Careers
Blog
Press
Meet the partners
From the blog
Products
                                                                                                        Credit Optimisation – Five Reasons to Embrace Automation                                                
Inside United Fintech
                                                                                                        TTMzero: Revolutionizing Financial Markets with Digitized Regulatory Tech                                                
View all posts
Knowledge hub
Knowledge hub
Webinars
Guides
Case Studies
Primers
Studies
From the blog
Products
                                                                                                        Credit Optimisation – Five Reasons to Embrace Automation                                                
Inside United Fintech
                                                                                                        TTMzero: Revolutionizing Financial Markets with Digitized Regulatory Tech                                                
View all posts
Sell your business
Get started
Sell your business
Get started
 Companies
Solutions
About TTMzero
Technology
Publications
Case Studies
Imprint
Companies
NetDania
The best alternative to expensive legacy systems for trading, news and analysis
TTMzero
Fully digitized RegTech and capital markets software solutions
FairXchange
State-of-the-art analytical tools for trading firms
Athena Systems
Workflow automations for buy-side participants
CobaltFX
Leading provider of credit & post-trade FX infrastructure
Products
OneChart
The ultimate charting framework for desktop and mobile applications
Trading Technology
Interactive client engagement tool that engages clients in conversation internally and online
NetStation
User-friendly information and analysis terminal, deployable in multiple roles, including trading
Data Feeds & APIs
Multiple APIs designed to ensure low latency and minimum resource usage
Fair Value Pricing
Independent fair value pricing for added transparency where current prices are not readily available
Evaluated Real-Time Market Data
Independent real-time market data feeds at a fraction of the cost
Key Figures and Risk Indicators
Precise indications of the risk and return probabilities for financial products
Financial Instruments Automation Platform
Reliable and cost-effective digitization process for securities and OTC trades
Liquidity Management
Unparalleled insight into your trading with data visualization
Spark OMS/PMS
Highly flexible Investment Management System
Dynamic Credit
One credit limit - multiple market access points
Post-trade Automation
Eliminate systemic risk, manual processes and reconciliation 
Spark, your OMS/PMS platform
Dynamic as your business
Manage your entire investment process
Instantly assess risks & monitor performance
Record financial transactions real-time
Download now
Solutions
        Solutions by use case    
Trading & Investing
The right data and tools for your trading and investment needs
Data and Visualization
One connection to global, multi-asset analytics, news and insights
Integrations & APIs
Flexible solutions, comprehensive market data and services
Workflow solutions
Innovative, efficient, buy-side workflow automation solutions
Risk & Compliance
All the data required for reporting and enhanced compliance 
Wealth Management
Digital solutions for a premium client experience
        Solutions by industry    
Investment Banks
Enterprise-wide digitalization through a single platform
Regional Banks
One platform, end-to-end digital transformation
Brokers
Keep pace with technology, exceed customer expectations
Asset Managers
Monitor, measure and maximize value
Hedge Funds
Quality, multi-asset data and analytics from a single vendor
Fintechs
'One stop' smart access to global trading and market data
                Did you know you can save 90% on market data?            
Take a look at the "Definitive guide to Evaluated Real-Time Prices" to discover how you can save costs today.
                    Download now                
 
 
TTMzero
Fully digitized regulatory tech and capital markets solutions
TTMzero's state-of-the-art technologies help financial institutions better manage their risks, comply with regulatory requirements, and fulfill due diligence and reporting requirements. 
See it in action
 
Trusted by some of the world's largest financial institutions
 
Real-Time Market Data
Delayed market data is in the past
Real-time market data should be accessible to everyone - and with TTMzero, it can be! TTMzero provides evaluated real-time market prices at a fraction of the cost. 
Explore product
 
Financial Instruments Automation Platform
Pre- and post trade financial automation 
TTMzero's Financial Instruments Automation Platform (FIAP) allows for faster launches of new products by digitizing the processes for securities and OTC derivatives. It's an effective plug-and-play solution for significantly shorter time-to-market. 
Lifecycle management
The automation platform accompanies a product during its complete lifecycle, from issuance to expiration.
Meet your regulatory demands
Fully automated document creation and management - naturally always set to comply with regulatory requirements.
 
Evaluated Pricing Service
Independent valuations of hard-to-value assets
The Evaluated Pricing Service offers independent valuations of hard-to-value financial instruments that do not have observable market prices.
The independent valuations are based on a proven mark-to-model pricing methodology that meets both regulatory and operational requirements.
Explore product
Evaluated Pricing Service:
Independence is crucial when it comes to delivering defendable evaluation pricing that meets regulatory requirements.
 
Key Figures and Risk Indicators
Precise risk indications for financial products
TTMzero calculates about 100 key figures for structured products in real-time, including the Greeks.
These figures give investors a precise indication of the risk and return probability of the financial product in question. It's crucial information if you want to compare different products or evaluate a portfolio.
Key features:
Real-time key figures for 25 different structured product types
The Greeks: Delta, Gamma, Vega, Theta, and Omega
Risk indicators
The Black-Scholes quantity "implied volatility"
Explore product
 
Free guide
Did you know you can save 90% on market data?
Take a look at the “Definitive guide to Evaluated Real-Time Prices” to discover how you can save costs today.
Download now
TTMzero has a strong presence in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria, but a huge potential for global growth. We're pleased to expand our reach with this strategic partnership.
      Simon Ullrich, Founder & Head of Business Development at TTMzero    
We're focused on developing cutting-edge technology for banks and financial institutions. Partnering with United Fintech allows us to reach the full potential.
      Dr. habil. Sönke Blunck,, Founder & Head of Financial Engineering at TTMzero    
 
 
Ready to get started?
Shape the digital future for financial institutions together with us. 
Contact us now
Copenhagen                      
Holmens Kanal 7
1060 Copenhagen K
Denmark 
London                      
73 Watling St
London EC4M 9BJ
United Kingdom
Berlin-Brandenburg                      
Neuendorfstraße 16D
16761 Hennigsdorf
Germany
Craiova                      
B-dul Carol I, nr. 84, etaj 1
RO-200061 Craiova
Romania
New York                      
1411 Broadway, 16th floor
New York, NY, 10018
United States of America
Madrid                      
Carrera de San Jerónimo 17
Madrid, 28014
Spain
Singapore                      
International Plaza
10 Anson Road, #05-01
Singapore, 079903
Company
About us
Blog
Press
Pricing
Careers
Meet the partners
Partner Companies
CobaltFX
Athena Systems
FairXchange
TTMzero
Netdania
Solutions
Risk & Compliance
Workflow Solutions
Integrations & APIs
Data & Visualization
Trading & Investing
Wealth Management
Knowledge base
Download our guides
Stock charting software
Stock API
OTC derivatives
Option Greeks
Risk analysis software
Legacy systems
Order Management Systems
Structured products
        United Fintech Limited - 73 Watling St., EC4M 9BJ London, United Kingdom - contact@unitedfintech.com 
Privacy policy
Cookie Policy
 