Smart Battery Solutions
 de
en
sbs-logo
News
Company
Products
UniPower S
UniPower M
UniPower L
UniPower XL
Customer-specific batteries
Smart Connector / Cluster
Charging devices / Docking
SBI
Services
Production
Development / construction
Customer service
Media
Press
Downloads
Login
Career
Sustainability
Contact
 
Homepage 
UniPower Light One for all
 
UniPower Slin Your slide in solution
 
Industrial Solutions Customized / light-weight / robust
 
Nautic Batteries Customer-specific / waterproof / robust
 
UniPower Your cluster system
 
E-Bike Batteries  Customer-specific / fully-integrated / removable
 
Smart Battery Solutions
“Power wherever you want.”
Electricity is more than an energy source. It is a basis for creativity and innovation – and it inspires us to create visions which can become tomorrow’s reality. The result is state-of-the-art transportable and stationary energy storage.
Planning, design, production – you can expect the best solution for your individual application. We bring you the future of battery technology, right here, right now. Follow our innovative ideas.
E-Bikes Longer life - better - more sustainable 
E-Watercraft, E-Boats, Seabobs, E-Surfing Long-life and efficient 
Robotics and E-Logistics More than an energy source 
Industrial Drones Efficient and high-performance 
E-Scooters The flexible solution 
Medtech/Rehatech Consistent performance 
Mobile Industrial Solutions Technology with power 
E-Cargo Strong performance - immediately 
Do you need individual solutions?
Ask us, whether it be components or modular construction kits. Anything is possible!
Customized batteries
News
Recent informationen
Get an overview about recent information.
Wachstumschampion 2023 
14. November 2022 
Die Smart Battery Solutions GmbH hat auch im Jahr 2023 die Auszeichnung „Wachstumschampion“ durch FOCUS und Statista verliehen bekommen. Die Wachstumschampions 2023 sind eine Liste der Top-500-Unternehmen in Deutschland, die zwischen 2018 und 2021 ein hohes prozentuales Umsatzwachstum erzielen konnten. Aus insgesamt 2 Millionen im Handelsregister eingetragener Unternehmen in Deutschland kamen nur 1.503 in die […]
INNOVATION 4.0 
12. September 2022 
POWER WHEREVER YOU WANT – that is not only a slogan of Smart Battery Solutions GmbH from Kleinostheim. It is the credo of the 4 managing directors and the entire staff. All thinking and acting revolves around the development and production of individual and high-quality battery solutions. In 2010 the company was founded by experienced […]
Award Top 100 
3. February 2022 
Smart Battery Solutions GmbH is one of the top 100 most innovative companies in Germany and receives the Top 100 seal. TO THE PRESS RELEASE
read all news
Newsletter registration  
Email*
					I agree that my personal data will be processed for advertising purposes and that advertising can be addressed by email. I hereby agree to the data protection regulations. 
sbs-logo
SMART BATTERY SOLUTIONS GMBH
						Fon +49 (0) 60 27 - 99 08 13 0
						Fax +49 (0) 60 27 - 99 08 13 8
						Lindigstraße 8a
						63801 Kleinostheim
					
*protected email*
Imprint | Privacy statement | Terms and conditions
 Insert/edit link
Close
Enter the destination URL
URL
Link Text
 Open link in a new tab
Or link to existing content
Search
No search term specified. Showing recent items.
Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.
Cancel