TeraSpinTec GmbH - Home of Spintronic Terahertz Sources
Skip to content
HomeProductsInsightsContactToggle website search
Menu
Close
Home
Products
Insights
Contact
 
Your Key to Ultrabroadband Terahertz Spectroscopy 
Home of the Spintronic Terahertz Emitter 
Spin it right. 
 
Let our innovative spintronic terahertz emitterT-Spinunlock the full potential of your terahertz lab. 
 
Info
 
Buy
Features 
 
						Ultrabroadband THz spectrum					
						Up to 40 THz bandwidth without any spectral gaps.					
 
						Any Pump Wavelength					
						From mid infrared up to X-rays: Use any pump wavelength and pump polarization you like.					
 
						Easy to Handle					
						Fully passive THz emitter equipped with integrated magnets that allow a full THz polarization control. 					
 
						High field applications					
						Generate THz electric fields reaching 100s of kV/cm.					
 
						Long Term Stability					
						Rely on a stable performance over time.					
 
						Compact Design					
						Minimally invasive implementation into your setup. The THz beam characterisitcs are inherited from the pump beam.					
The T-Spin at Work 
 
Prototype spintronic terahertz emitter demonstrating the working principle. Note that the T-Spin comes with a fully integrated magnet design. Ultrabroadband detection enabled by our T-Sense detector and fast delay stage T-Shake. 
 
Info
 
Buy
Spinning Everywhere 
 
						Berlin					
						"Remarkably, the spectrum is gap-free and exceeds the spectral amplitude of the ZnTe and GaP crystals from 2.5 to 14 THz..." Nat. Phot. (2016) 
 
						Exeter					
						"The efficiency of THz generation is essentially flat for excitation by 150 fs pulses with center wavelengths ranging from 900 to 1500 nm...". APL  (2019) 
 
						Chengdu					
						"The demonstrated ghost spintronic THz-emitter-array microscope (GHOSTEAM) is a radically novel imaging tool [...] in a broadband frequency range from 0.1 to 30 THz ..." Light Sci. Appl. (2020) 
 
						Oxford					
						"Terahertz pulses are generated by the inverse-spin Hall effect...". JPCL (2018) 
 
						Berlin					
						"We report on the coupling of ultrabroadband (1–30 THz) single-cycle THz pulses from a spintronic THz emitter (STE) into a metallic STM junction." ACS Phot. (2020) 
 
Contact
Privacy Policy
Imprint
				© 2023 TeraSpinTec GmbH. All rights reserved.                                    E-mail: info@teraspintec.com			
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 
								Functional							
Functional
									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								
								Performance							
Performance
									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								
								Analytics							
Analytics
									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								
								Advertisement							
Advertisement
									Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								
								Others							
Others
									Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								
SAVE & ACCEPT