TicketHash Technology UG – Creating value with gamified NFTs built for the mass market
Zum Inhalt springen
  
Suche nach:
MISSIONNFT-LEAGUENEWSCOMPANYTEAMCONTACT 
Suche nach:
MISSIONNFT-LEAGUENEWSCOMPANYTEAMCONTACTMISSIONNFT-LEAGUENEWSCOMPANYTEAMCONTACT 
TicketHash Redesign
Startseite/ 
TicketHash RedesignMarcus Rump2022-07-20T13:52:20+02:00 
MISSIONCreating value with gamified NFTs built for the mass market
TicketHash is at the forefront of making next-generation DLT technologies accessible 
Our goal is to provide easy-to-use mass-market ready applications with highly adaptable use cases 
COMING SOON: NFT-LEAGUEA digital NFT based Trading Card Game to reach your global audience with your gamified digital assets
The launch of our product NFT-LEAGUE is scheduled for Q4 2022
 COMING SOON
The platform is essentially aimed at two target groups:
Firstly, the club, which acts as a publisher. The club chooses which digital products it wants to create. We turn them into NFTs, which are available to gamers/fans in the app in the form of a trading card game. The NFTs can be swapped, traded, crafted, collect, gamed and minted on various NFT marketplaces. 
The club gains access to new digital business models and revenue streams based on the creation of its digital products. The operation of the platform is free of charge. The club receives a share of the profits. This gives the club an additional e-commerce shop and a communication channel to engage fans, as well as a marketing tool that can be used with the help of user data. 
For performance reasons, we use a cloud-native centralized ledger database that offers multiple block chain connections. This allows the TCG to be cost-efficient, high-performance and operate at scale. The ledger enables low-cost and fast micro-transactions for internal trading in the app, as well as high-value external transactions based on smart contract and ownership on multiple block chains. Our tracking technology enables the use of traded assets as long as they are linked to the client wallet. All trading cards can be minted as NFTs on the supported block chains and published on global marketplaces, such as Opensea. 
REACH MULTIPLE TARGET GROUPS
All ages
Collectors
Gamers
Crypto investors
Fans
MULTI-BLOCKCHAIN-APPROACH
Ethereum ERC-1155
Ethereum ERC-721
IOTA, Solana, Cardano, Polygon, Flow
Enjin JumpNet
More coming soon
ENTERPRISE READY
Scalable
Interoperable
API
FAN ENGAGEMENT CHANNEL
Engagement of fans
Use feedback from fans
Creating an individual fan experience
DIGITAL INTERACTION
Surveys
On-site and off-site ordering processes
Gamification
FUTURE PROOF
Digital ownership
NFT’s with cross application support
Ready for the Metaverse and Social networks
Web3/DeFi
NO INVESTMENT
We develop and operate the SaaS platform
Fair profit sharing
NO OPERATING COSTS
Free management account
NO LICENSING
Create, manage and publish your digital assets on our platform
We guide you to monetise your analog and digital content
LATEST NEWSTicketHash Technology was founded at the end of 2018. We want to use this blog to report about news in GameFi, Web3, Digital Collectibles, Fan Engagement, Payment, Smart Voting, Smart Ticketing and our latest company development.
Blockchain.NRW map of the Reallabor
Blockchain.NRW map of the ReallaborMarcus Rump2022-06-16T21:59:35+02:0016 Juni, 2022|TicketHash is pleased to be part of the growing blockchain-based companies in NRW. For some time now, we have been [...]
Marcus Rump2022-06-15T13:35:21+02:0015 Juni, 2022|We agree with BTC-Echo and are also disappointed by the less than honourable businessmen in the flagship crypto unicorns. However, [...]
Marcus Rump2022-06-15T13:21:03+02:0015 Juni, 2022|A very interesting project we did last year based on #iota technology. We are mentioned by name in the Spotify [...]
12VorLoad More PostsCOMPANYMany decentralised blockchains still have problems with highly scalable applications. With our hybrid token platform, we combine the advantages of two worlds, the centralised and the decentralised. Users get a high degree of freedom and flexibility with high performance and low technical barrier through our multi-blockchain approach. Crypto assets can be minted as NFTs on supported blockchains if required. Most consumers can easily start collecting trading cards and using in-app payments without any crypto knowledge. We also have a good understanding of the events and gaming sector, as well as traditional industry use cases. Tell us your needs and we will be happy to assess your requirements to give you realistic feedback. Do not hesitate to contact us by email at any time.
We help publishers to create NFT based digital products on scale, to market and engage their global audience.
Innovative GameFi
For everyone
Multi-Blockchain
Metaverse and social network ready
Web3 ready
HISTORYTEAMCEOCTOCIOCONTACTTicketHash is looking for business partners and investors.
Feel free to contact us via this form or via the contact details below: 
 
Your name:
Your email:
Subject:
Your message:
I agree to the storage of my data in accordance with the privacy policy.
×
 
TicketHash TechnologyTicketHash Technology UG (haftungsbeschränkt)
Am Brambusch 24
44536 Lünen
DeutschlandGermanyTel:  +49 – (0)231 – 9860240
Mobil: +49 – (0)157 – 32628896
Email: info(at)tickethash.com
Web: www.tickethash.com
Follow TicketHash on LinkedInOur insights
 PARTNER  NETWORK
 
 
		Copyright -  TicketHash Technology UG (haftungsbeschränkt) | All Rights Reserved | Datenschutz | Impressum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page load link
 
Nach oben