Customizable Prediction Game for Football World Cup 2022
👍 Overview
Prediction PREMIUM
Prediction ALLSTAR
Prediction ALL-INCLUSIVE
️⚽ Try out Tippevent
Registration and Login
Menu
Menu
FacebookXingMail 
Quickand easy
:
to your ownPrediction Game
For Employees, Customers & PartnersWhite LabelCompany BrandingMobile Web-AppLive-ScoresAnd now get on the pitch
Register
Login
Get started
The Football World Cup 2022 Prediction GameDesign your own Prediction Game for the Football Cup 2022 in Qatar
You’re looking for a prediction game for the upcoming Football World Cup 2022 and seek individual possibilities of customization as well as new ways of promoting your company and products? Then Tippevent.de is the perfect solution for you. With our web application you can create your own Prediction League with customers, employees or business associates while maintaining your corporate design under a custom domain. Furthermore, there are multiple ways of using sponsor placement for refinancing.
Create a Prediction Game within two minutes
Four Tippevent versions for every use case
Freely configurable starting page, texts and pictures
Own background graphic and design colour
White-Label-Version for agencies
Advertising space for independent marketing
Prediction Game on your own domain
Multilinguality at the push of a button
Several prediction leagues in one account
Bonus questions before the start of the tournament
Ranking of prediction league members
Web-App for usage on PC, smartphone and tablet
Implementation service for individual customization
Login with Facebook account
Link to newsletter systems
Web based application according to German data protection
Connection to Google Analytics
Prediction Game Versions - OverviewTry Prediction Game now
A Look at the applicationThis is how your Football World Cup Prediction Game could look like
 Tippevent.de Prediction Game on your Smartphone               Benefits of Tippevent.deHow companies, clubs and organizations benefit
6 strong arguments for the Prediction GameWe provide you with 6 good reasons why your company should organise its own Prediction Game for the Football World Cup 2022. Among other things, it can playfully bind customers, motivate employees and of course increase sales. Learn more!
Individually adaptableWe offer you a wide range of options for adapting the prediction game to the branding of your company, your organization or your network. Change texts, graphics and many other settings in a separate administration area.
German Privacy PolicyThe Prediction Game is a web-based software application and is developed according to German data protection regulations by our team. The user data is stored in German data centers that have an ISO 27001 certification.
Fully automatedEvaluation and updating are automated and thus accurate to the minute. Get a live overview on how you are doing even during the games.
Flexible web appWhether smartphone, tablet or desktop PC, you have access to your tips via your browser anywhere, anytime. On request, we also implement your prediction game as an Android app.
From a simple Prediction Game solution to individual customizationOur offers for the Football World Cup 2022 for private or business use, for clubs or charitable purposes
 PREMIUMThe White Label version from Tippevent.de with individual add-ons390 EUR*Create your own Prediction Game, especially for companies or agenciesCompile a package* after tax, per domain und tournament, inquire monthly price ALLSTARWhite Label Prediction Game with the most popular Tippevent extensions1.290 EUR*Preconfigured solution for companies and a wide range of prediction game conceptsOrder via form* after tax, per domain und tournament, inquire monthly price ALL-INCLUSIVEThe perfect solution for your own Prediction Game. We take care of everything!3.950 EUR*The all-round carefree package for companies, agencies and othersBook and lean back* after tax, per domain and tournament, inquire monthly price
Prediction Game OverviewGet an overview of the features of our Tippevent FREE, BASIC, PREMIUM, ALLSTAR and ALL-INCLUSIVE versions
One Application – Various usesLearn more about our successful projects and the customization of Prediction Games by our developers
  
By loading the video, you agree to YouTube’s privacy policy.Learn more
Load Video
 Always unblcoke YouTube
Benefit from the many years of experience of our web developers and let us convince you of the quality of Tippevent.de. We are your partner for custom designed Prediction Gaming systems and guarantee you simple, fast and platform independent solutions. Contact us and let us advise you on the topic of prediction games. The team of Tippevent.de is looking forward to your inquiry.
Prediction Game for the Football World Cup 2018
Successful heritor of the Prediction Games for World Cup 2014 and EURO 2016
32 Countries, 64 Games
Multiple bonus questions, reusults updated automatically
Customization possibilities for corporate branding
Hitradio RTL “Spieltags-Tipp”
Individual concept, technical progression and visual integration into the brand appearance
Multi-league Prediction Game for professional German Football since 2016
Focus on regional clubs
Successful tool for customer loyalty
Refinancing through sponsoring and autonomous marketing
Prediction Game for the Handball World Cup 2019
Usage of the Prediction Game for Handball
Implementation of specific tournament rules
Result service provider for live match results
Ideal application for clubs, federations and the media
Credentials of TippeventA list of our satisfied Prediction Game users
 PreviousNext
  Kathrin, BMW-Stiftung“I liked the reminder mails a lot. It was a lot of fun. THANKS.”
Theresa, Unicredit“Thank you very much for the great Prediction Game. We had a ton of fun!”
Lucia, Universität Hamburg“Great Prediction Game, smooth presentation. Thanks for that!”
Rainer, Unicredit“A well done and reliably working Prediction Game.”
Sandra, Airbus“The Prediction Leagues were very easy to create and adapt.”
Felix, HDI global“Great presentation of the Prediction Game.”
Uwe, Haga-Metallbau“This Prediction Game is absolutely easy to operate.”
Andreas, Mopo24“Very well implemented. We all had a lot of fun. Thank you very much for that!”
Partner of T-Systems MMSIn cooperation with T-Systems Multimedia Solutions, we offer a solution for the complete integration of Tippevent into the Staffbase and Haiilo intranet platforms.
Increase internal corporate communication
Ensure activation and interaction
Create a shared team experience
 Learn more about the Staffbase integration of Tippevent and request an individual offer.
   
 © Tippevent 2023. All rights reserved
 Tippevent.de is a product of Pfeffermond GmbH
 Imprint · Privacy Policy · Contact · FAQ
Scroll to top
Captcha by Forge12