Twinsity drone inspection → with the innovative digital software TWINSPECT
About us
Contact us
Career
News
Login
 
Book a Demo 
✕
TWINSPECT®​ 
							We empower human experts in performing remote asset inspection jobs virtually from anywhere, anytime using our 3D inspection platform to gather a complete visual documentation of large and complex structures. 
							
Learn more 
Establishing digital twin inspections 
							 
TWINSPECT IN A NUTSHELL —
High-performance asset inspections – from anywhere, at any time
The powerful and unique visual intelligence technology of Twinsity radically improves the way how to inspect and maintain physical infrastructure. Driven by photorealistic 3D models and AI-assisted damage analysis in a powerful and secure web-based platform, inspection data can be revisited at any time and shared with internal and external team members.
This improves communication, collaboration, decision making and planning of targeted actions.UNLOCKING FULL QUALITY  —
Visual Digital Twins in the Web 
Twinsity allows expert teams to interactively access, inspect and analyze high-fidelity 3D asset models and high-quality drone inspection images interactively. This means highest quality, no details will be missed. Complex and massive assets are our sweet spot.
Engineering-Grade 3DInteract with high-quality visual 3D digital twins from photogrammetry to identify and localize damages precisely.
User-Friendly UploadSeamlessly upload your 3D models, inspection imagery and further data into our easy-to-use, fast web platform.
Secure AWS HostingYour data is securely hosted in compliance with GDPR and high security standards on isolated AWS environments.
 EMPOWERING COLLABORATION —
Improve Project Transparency with Enhanced Communication
We bring all stakeholders on the same page for a more efficient communication between team members. All information is at hand and can be accessed from anywhere, at any time, on any device. This leads to indisputable data for better decision making.
Real-Time CollaborationCommunicate, review, and discuss within your teams and external stakeholders for well-informed decisions.
Access from AnywhereEasily access your inspection data from your device, whether in the office or on site - we support any hardware.
Precise LocalizationWe help you to always pinpoint and mark the exact location of damages and other issues in the structure.
 
REDEFINING DOCUMENTATION —
Photo and 3D Inspection for
Detailed Analysis & Reporting 
Twinsity empowers experts to identify, measure and review damages and issues using built-in analysis tools and automated customizable inspection reports. The comprehensive visual documentation forms the baseline for future inspections.
AI Defect Detection
Our visual intelligence technology supports experts in detecting defects like cracks or spalling automatically
Powerful Tools
We provide you with a full suite of measurement and analytics tools. Mark up each image and 3D model.
Custom Reporting
Bring together your observations into a comprehensive report to visualize and make actionable project decisions.
 STREAMLINED INTEGRATION -
Integrate Your Existing 3D Models
Twinsity supports leading photogrammetry solutions to integrate external 3D models, including Agisoft Metashape, Bentley ContextCapture, RealityCapture, Pix4D and DJI Terra.
BENEFITS —
Enhance your workflow and productivity.
We bring all stakeholders on the same page for a more efficient communication between team members. All information is at hand and can be accessed from anywhere, at any time, on any device. This leads to indisputable data for better decision making.
Sharing Made Simple
Share all your inspection drone data efficiently in a browser-based platform - securely hosted on AWS. This improves communication within expert teams on indisputable data.
Highest Data quality
Powered by photorealistic 3D models and original drone imagery, Twinsity allows you to interactively analyze, document and review comprehensive full-detail asset data within your team.
Customizable Reporting
No manual reporting anymore: with Twinsity, experts get powerful reporting functionality to generate norm-compliant and custom inspection reports in various file formats. 
 TESTIMONIALS —
What our customers say about us. 
TWINSPECT from Twinsity proved to be the best platform for digital inspections – as it’s able to visualize full-resolution digital twins in an interactive 3D environment, with the ability to inspect and measure issues like small deformations on the concrete, directly within the 3D model and the high-resolution inspection images captured by the drone missions.Jasper MinkGeoZICHTThe TWINSPECT cloud platform is an excellent product that allows our clients to collaborate on the documentation and inspection of building facades to complete much faster and accurate reports. Equally excellent is the support provided by the Twinsity team. They have provided some of the most responsive, timely tech support I’ve come across to get us up and running, and the unique capabilities of their solution have allowed us to offer exciting new possibilities to our clients.Larry LaxdalPCL Construction
“Twinspect is a hugely powerful cloud platform. It allows our clients to view large and complex inspection data in an efficient and timely manner, significantly decreasing the amount of time they have to spend both on and off-site.”
Rowley Cory-WrightHexCam
 At Twinsity, our mission is to support expert teams in improving their inspection workflow through our scalable and user-friendly platform for secure data storage and real-time AI-assisted analytics. We take the security of our customers data very seriously and offer best-in-class customer service and training, and custom platform development.
Get in contact with us
  GET IN CONTACT —
We'd love to hear from you
Let's talk about how we can establish 3D inspections together and book a demo to see our solutions in action yourself!
 
Book a DemoGeneral ContactOtherSales 
Name  
Business-Email  
Message 
Privacy Policy
YOUR CONTACT —
Thomas Hechler 
	
 Business Development
Mail: Thomas Hechler
Book a demo meeting
Thomas Hechler 
 Business Development
Mail: Thomas Hechler
Book a demo meeting
News
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Imprint
TWINSITY GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The digital twin 3D inspection platform for faster & streamlined inspections.
                                Copyright 2022 Twinsity GmbH - Connect with us  
Book a Demo 