ubitricity | turning lampposts into EV charge points
Deutsch
English
Français
Charging Solutions
Lamppost & Bollard
AC Fast Chargers
DC Rapid Chargers
What We Offer
For Local Authorities
For the NHS
ORCS Funding
LEVI Funding
Case Studies
News
Blog
Press
Events
Political Affairs
About Us
Career
Downloads
Contact Us
Switch to EV-Driver view
 
Public EV Chargingfor Everyone, Everywhere
As the UK’s leading public EV charging provider, we work with local authorities to make EV charging accessible to everyone.
Start your infrastructure expansion today.
Get in touch
Public charging solutions
Lamppost, bollard, fast & rapid charging, we’ve got it all. Browse our range of solutions here.
See our charging solutions
What We Offer
Consulting, planning, implementation and maintenance: Explore our full-service offer and find out why ubitricity is a great solution for your borough.
Explore our full service offer
Confused about funding?
There is a wealth of funding available to local authorities and ubitricity can help you at every step of the way. Browse our funding guides to learn more.
Learn about ORCS funding 
Learn about LEVI funding
We have worked with over 30 Local Authorities
> 6,500
public charging pointsinstalled in the UK
Largest
public chargingnetwork in the UK
> 800,000
successful chargingevents by EV drivers
Turning street lights into charge points
We turn lampposts into electric vehicle charge points
We know that at-home or near-home charging is the most desired charging location for EV drivers. However, in many towns and cities, convenient off-street charging is largely unavailable to residents. Using existing street light infrastructure, ubitricity can help local authorities in the rapid expansion of public charging infrastructure.
Learn more about lamppost charging
News: North Lincolnshire Council selects ubitricity to install and operate 35 lamppost chargers 
UK, March 23th 2023:The council has asked residents to suggest charge point installation locations.
Read the full press release
Subscribe to the ubitricity newsletter and never miss an update
Subscribe now
Case studies
With more than 6,500 public charging points, we are the largest charge point operator in the UK. View our case studies here.
See our case studies
Career, Press, Events and more
More information about ubitricity
Career
We’re on a mission to make EV charging accessible for everyone. Fancy helping out?
Browse open opportunities
Press
See our latest announcements in our newsroom.
See our latest press releases
Events
Check out our event schedule and book in a face to face appointment. We’d love to meet you! 
Explore our events calender
For EV Drivers
Find your nearest ubitricity charging point, discover our FAQs and contact our support.
Switch to view for drivers
ubitricity is certified according to: ISO 9001, ISO 14001,ISO 20000-1 and ISO 27001
 
Contact
Charging Solutions
For Local Authorities
Contact Us
For EV Drivers
Sign up to our Newsletter
Company
Career
About Us
Press
Management
Legal
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
GTC
WEEE
Conformity
ubiquitous electricity
ubitricity is one of the leading providers and operators of innovative public EV charging solutions. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Shell and belongs to the Mobility Division.
FollowFollowFollow
©  2023 ubitricity – Gesellschaft für verteilte Energiesysteme mbH
Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
 
Welcome to ubitricity
Councils & Local Authorities
Are you planning to expand your EV public charging infrastructure?
Or are you looking for general information about ubitricity and our job offer?
EV Drivers
Are you looking for local charge points, FAQs and customer service?