Web3 made easy
WEB3 MADE EASY
Innovative and pioneering solutions, completely digital and without any code.
Create. Manage. Analysis.
Start right away
OUR MEMBERSHIPS
GET YOUR WEB3 UPGRADE NOW
Create
Manage
Analyze
Benefit from digitization
Book ready for use applications and make Web3 your competitive advantage.
Design independently
Integrate state-of-the-art technology and bring your company into the future.
Accelerate innovation
Get innovative apps and reduce time to market.
learn more
Increase manage efficiency
Save time in coordination and concentrate on your core business.
Benefit from automation
Replace manual processes and reduce susceptibility to errors.
Increase security
Use our cloud infrastructure and reduce your company’s risk.
learn more
Get clarity
Analyze and eliminate uncertainties at every stage of project development.
Identify success factors
Use evaluations and metrics to achieve greater value faster.
Improve decisions
Achieve a better basis for decision-making with relevant real-time data.
learn more
UPCOMING PLATFORM
With the new all-in-one platform, you benefit from a shorter time to market without any technical knowledge or additional development work while at the same time reduce your financial and time-related develop ment risk.
Web3 platform solution
Easily manage your portfolio with our web application and access your statistics.
Digital Contracts
Smart contracts provide security, transparency, and execute coded conditions on the blockchain.
Customer backend
For greater success, you can create assets and campaigns, build communities, manage digital contracts and perform analytics.
Wallet connections
We designed the platform to work with all popular wallets like Metamask, Trust Wallet, Walletconnect.
User front ends
Provide your community with a Web3 platform and unlock dashboards with individual data.
Professional hosting
The web platform is hosted and maintained by a UnitedCrowd hosting partner in a high-security data center.
PLATFORM ADVANTAGES
Highly flexible
Implement individual use cases with over 30 combinable apps and more than 20 editions.
learn more
Easy to use
Start directly thanks to high user-friendliness and intuitive operation of all functions.
learn more
Transparent and safe
Transparent transactions and traceability of h istorical data facilitate internal process controls
learn more
Cost reduction
 For administration, transactions and reporting thanks to automated use cases.
learn more
WEB3 ECOSYSTEM
Ethereum
Binance
Polygon
Trust Wallet
Wallet Connect
Metamask
Ledger
Open Zeppelin
Truffle
Moralis
Alchemy
Infura
Gnosis Safe
Chainlink
1inch
Hardhat
The Graph
Certik
View used technologies
WHY UNITEDCROWD
Been there - 
done that
We know thechallenges of digitization. We have experienced them ourselves. That's why we know what really matters and have already received several awards for our solutions.
Since 2017
We have been working with blockchain technology for 7 years and have constantly developed further. We keep a close eye on new trends and developments. With our experience we support our customers.
Safety standards
Your safety is our top priority. All solutions comply with the highest security standards, the latest legislation and GDPR and are continuously maintained.
Strong Partners
We have strong partners at our side and form alliances with which we can expand and improve our range. In every strategic partnership we strive for the highest possible standard.
Our Team
We live respect and tolerance and treat ourselves and our customers as equals. We use our expertise to achieve the best for our customers.
Corporate Social
Responsibility
We assume social responsibility and believe that digital change can make our world fairer, better and easier. We work for that.
OUR PARTNERS
UNITEDCROWD MEDIA
Any questions?
We would be happy to advise you on our services and products.
Book a demo!