up.lftd - Great on your own. Excellent together. | uplftd.com
How it works
Blog
About Us
Get a demo
                    A new era of feedback is here.
                
                    Motivating & objective development conversations at any time - prepared in seconds. With up.lftd,
                    your new tool for feedback & reviews.
                
Get in touch for a demo
Learn more
With up.lftd everyone wins
Employees
                    Finally a fair, developmentally centered assessment without "gut feeling". No matter who your
                    manager is.
                
Managers
                    Objective, well-prepared feedback conversations at the push of a button. Anytime & in seconds.
                
HR Teams
                    Regular feedback for everyone and ratings free from structural bias. Fully automated, without
                    effort.
                
Companies
                    Retain talents, grow overall performance and increase employee satisfaction. While saving
                    time & money.
                
                    Fully integrated with the productivity tools you already have
                
                    Easy setup with your existing Google Workspace or Microsoft 365 accounts. Interact with the tool
                    within your company chat on Slack, Microsoft Teams or Google Chat. Import your data from your
                    HRIS. More integrations to come.
                
                    Feedback & Reviews 
are finally 
                    We are onboarding customers with a white-glove onboarding
                    experience to completely revamp your feedback culture. Get in touch to get the chance to become
                    part of the new era of feedback! Contact us for a demo today!
                
Regular feedback
Fair & objective
Bias-free
Quick & easy
First Name
Last Name
Email
Get in touch for a demo
                            
You just do your job. We’ll do the heavy lifting.
                
1
Setup
                            Start by setting up the competency models and expectations for the job roles in your
                            organization. Use your own competency framework, get inspired by our comprehensive template
                            collection or do it together with us. We'll help you get started.
                        
2
Collecting Feedback
                            We continuously collect 360° micro feedback across your team. In the background statistical
                            models are constantly calibrating the feedback items to eliminate bias.
                        
3
Dashboard
Each user has their own dashboard to keep track of their development
                            journey and performance trends.
                            Managers get aggregated views for their reportees. This way, everyone always has
                            transparency.
4
Reports
                            Reports for reviews and development conversations are automatically generated. They provide
                            objective ratings, interpretations and development recommendations.
                        
5
Development Plans
We'll remind you about the goals and growth areas you decided
                            to aim for. So you can work on them continuously.
Get started
                    Now let’s be excellent together.
                
                    Stop wasting time trying to do it the "right way". up.lftd is fairer,
                    faster and makes performance management easier than ever.
                
                    Get in touch for a demo 
Great on your own. Excellent together.
Legal
Privacy Statement
Legal Notice (Impressum)