Varia - Efficient online research
 
Zum Inhalt springen
ProductPricingBlogAboutNewsJobsStart Varia Research
Menü
Schließen
Product
Pricing
Blog
About
News
Jobs
Start Varia Research
 
 
Varia Research | Efficient online research 
SaaS application to follow important news sources, organize bookmarks, notes, files & contacts all in one place,
and to supercharge your online research efficiency with machine learning based insights. 
Better research, better 
				articles			
				content			
				results			
				podcasts			
				blogs			
.
 
Media Monitoring 
How about following all the news outlets and other online media sources that are relevant for you in one place? With Varia Research you can create as many customizable feeds as you want, tailored to your sources and your keywords. Monitor news sources and social media, leverage the power of Bing News, add your own favorite RSS feed or even Google Alert! 
 
 
Research Organization 
One story, one place! This is what our Dossier architecture stands for. Create as many Dossiers as you need, to organize your research – and keep all online links, files, notes, contacts & emails related to one story in one place!Work with your research documents: create annotations and comments, highlight what’s most important to you.Bookmarking: save links & documents from all over the web. Our bookmarklet can be added to any browser and allows you to store online content, straight to your Dossiers!Follow-up story made easy: find all your old research links or contact details with ease. One story, one place, with Varia Research Dossiers… 
Machine Learning based Insights 
Save time and drastically increase your research efficiency with automated summaries and sentiment insights!All articles that you save to Varia Research are automatically processed by our machine learning based NLP (natural language processing) pipeline. This provides you with an automated summary, as well as entity-level sentiment information – to speed up your research.Machine learning insights are currently only available for EN and DE content, more languages will follow. 
 
 
Intelligent Recommendations 
See how global news sources cover your topic: Your Dossiers in Varia Research are working for you. Based on the online content that you store in your Dossier, we provide you with additional insights & relevant content recommendations on your research topic. This is also available for individual articles, allowing you to efficiently discover all relevant aspects of your story, see how other publishers cover the issue, and to consider multiple different perspectives! 
Quit copy-pasting links to Word files, upgrade your research routine, now. 
Book a demo!
or 
Start for free!
Visit our YouTube channel, to see Varia Research in Action. 
 
Varia Research – Plans & Pricing 
						FREE						
							get started						
€ 
						0					
per month 
 
										5 Customizable news feeds									
 
										10 Intelligent dossiers									
 
										25 Documents per dossier									
 
										∞ Automated summaries									
 
										∞ Article recommendations									
 
										Bookmarklet, store links from anywhere									
 
										Notes editor									
 
										Interim link storage									
 
										Document workbench (limited)									
 
										50 per day Bing requests									
 
										Dropbox integration									
							Start FREE						
						PREMIUM						
							make the most of it						
€ 
						11					
per month 
 
										∞ Customizable news feeds									
 
										∞ Intelligent dossiers									
 
										∞ Documents per dossier									
 
										∞ Automated summaries									
 
										∞ Article recommendations									
 
										Bookmarklet, store links from anywhere									
 
										Notes editor									
 
										Interim link storage									
 
										Document workbench									
 
										100 per day Bing requests									
 
										Dropbox integration									
 
										Contacts directory									
 
										Varia file storage (coming soon)									
							Start PREMIUM						
							also click above to see trial options						
						PROFESSIONAL						
							get it all						
€ 
						33					
per month 
 
										∞ Customizable news feeds									
 
										∞ Intelligent dossiers									
 
										∞ Documents per dossier									
 
										∞ Automated summaries									
 
										∞ Article recommendations									
 
										Bookmarklet, store links from anywhere									
 
										Notes editor									
 
										Interim link storage									
 
										Document workbench									
 
										∞ Bing requests									
 
										Dropbox integration									
 
										Contacts directory									
 
										∞ Varia file storage									
 
										Collaboration									
 
										Licensed content									
							Hold on...						
							Coming soon						
					COMING SOON				
						ENTERPRISE						
							for newsrooms & corporates						
						on request					
contact sales 
 
										All the features of the Professional plan									
 
										Team access & collaboration									
 
										Self-hosting option									
 
										CMS integration									
 
										B2B API									
							Contact sales						
							Coming soon						
					COMING SOON				
Varia Research, for 
				journalists			
				content writers			
				researchers			
				podcasters			
				you			
!
Book your personal intro & demo session now: 
 
						"I find Varia Research very practical for my research. The dossiers bring a lot of structure to the research material. With the bookmarklet function, you can add websites to a dossier with one click and highlight the most important passages there. The note function is also very useful, because you can document your research steps and plans here. With the files function, the application will now be even more complete."					
Bernd OswaldJournalist, Research Trainer, Author 
						It's the Marie Kondo of journalistic research. For international researches the product has immediate value. The newsfeeds are helpful to remain on-top of a certain research topic.					
Dr. Stephan WeichertMedium Magazin 
						“I have been looking for a solution that helps us better structure our research for years. Varia [Research] has the potential to achieve this, the first impressions and the philosophy behind the product are great.”
					
Kalle SilfverbergDevelopment Manager, Helsinki Sanomat 
 Voriger
 Nächster
Subscribe to the Varia newsletter to be up to date about our development:
* indicates required
First Name 
Last Name 
Email Address  *
Your message for us 
 
 
To learn about latest updates and new features Varia Research, visit our open changelog.Visit our Varia YouTube channel to see product videos or feature tutorials of Varia Research. 
Varia is powered and supported by:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Linkedin-in
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
 
 
Data Privacy & Protection  /  Terms of Service  /  Impressum DE 
				Varia UG 2023 (HBR 241165)			
 
Lade Kommentare …
 
Verfasse einen Kommentar …
E-Mail (Erforderlich)
Name (Erforderlich)
Website
[EN] This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we will assume your consent. [DE] Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverständnis aus.
OK & closeData Privacy Notice