VAT4U - Online Tax Technology
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Home
Products
Tax Technology for Experts
Full Service VAT Recovery
Pricing
Integrations
About Us
Resources
Blog
Knowledge Center
VAT Rules Map
VAT Reciprocity Map
VAT Recovery Guide for Experts
Online Tax Technology  for Tax Experts, Corporations, Tax Managers, VAT Experts 
VAT4U delivers the most advanced automation to manage your domestic and foreign VAT processes.
Explore the VAT4U solutions
2,000+ Companies trust us
Technology meets VAT expertise
VAT4U is Europe's leading cloud-based software for all services around VAT and expense management.
Our tax technology is able to process domestic and foreign travel expenses as well as supplier invoices to deliver reliable VAT analytics for your VAT returns.
Established in 2012, VAT4U is paving the way to full automation in the field of VAT by constantly striving to optimize the connection between tax regulations and artificial intelligence.
With its headquarters in Düsseldorf, Germany, and many partners and branches across the world, VAT4U is delivering excellent VAT services to over 1,200 customers.
Explore the VAT4U solutions
Tax Technology for Experts
Use our cloud-based technology to streamline VAT refund processing while increasing efficiency and compliance.
 
Full-Service VAT Recovery for Businesses
Outsource your domestic & foreign VAT recovery to VAT4U to maximize refunds without spending any time or effort on it.
 
VAT Consultation for Businesses
We run a "VAT Health Check" to assess if your expense and VAT rates booking is optimized for maximum VAT recovery.
 
What makes VAT4U the leading tax technology?
Innovative
VAT4U uses Artificial Intelligence and Robotic Process Automation to offer you the best tax technology in the market. With the highest standards, we are striving to fully digitize all services around VAT.
International
Our multilingual expert teams are able to assist you across the globe in all areas of VAT. With our local partners and branches, we ensure we are able to cover your VAT obligations everywhere.
Transparent
We grant all our clients full access to our technology. Everything is transparent in terms of status, communication and fee calculation. VAT4U offers flexible contracts without binding terms.
 
Discover the world of VAT
 
Take a look at our interactive VAT Rules Map with detailed information on the deductibility of various types of expenditures in the European Union.
 
Read more about VAT
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  2 min readImportance of keeping delivery and billing address separate
 
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  4 min readVAT Refund for Hotels & Travel Expenses in the EU
 
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  3 min readTreatment of VAT on advertising
 
Upgrade your VAT processes
Switch to the most flexible and transparent offer in the market.
Company
Company
About Us
Blog
Knowledge Center
VAT4U Platform
VAT4U Platform
Login to VAT4U
Sign up for free
Book a free demo
Integrations
Legal
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Newsletter
Newsletter
© 2023 VAT4U
FacebookTwitterLinkedInYouTube
Return to Top