Automatic transcription - Speech to text | Voicedocs
Menu
Transcriber
Pricing
Blog
Support
 
Automatically transcribe an interview, meeting or video
Save at least 4x time and budget
Try free
Log in
How it works?
 
Upload your audioMost of popular formats are supported
    
 
Transcribe the speech automaticallyGet the transcription in minutes AI-powered speech recognition
    
 
Review and edit the transcriptionReview and edit the transcription easily with text editor which plays the audio for the sentence you click on. 
    
 
Download the transcriptionDownload the transcription in Doc, Txt, SRT or JSON formats to use in Word or MAXQDA
    
Use cases
 Interview transcription for news and research
      Focus on creative work instead of transcription and publish quickly. Upload the recording just after the interview and get automatic transcription before returning the office. Protect the private data in interviews without sharing with anyone More info
 Transcription of meetings
Focus on what being said, not on taking notes. Search for what was said on required topic via keyword search in audio. Automatic transcription helps you in meetings which contain sensitive information More info
 Automatic video subtitling
Upload your video, get automatic subtitles with timestamps, review and edit the subtitles easily with subtitle editor. Download the subtitle in SRT format for use in Youtube, Adobe Premiere and etc. More info
Latest from blog
  
 How to Get and Stay Motivated 
 Tips on staying motivated and reaching goals. 
 
 view  
 10 Tips for Effective Interview Questions 
 04.11.22 
 Tips on effective interview questions that can get you great results.
  
 10 Tips for Creating Content  
 22.10.22 
 A guide to creating content that grabs users' attention.
  
 Translating Videos to Other Languages 
 22.10.22 
 Why translating videos to foreign languages is beneficial?
  
 Podcasts: What You Need to be Successful? 
 22.10.22 
 How to create engaging podcasts and increase visibility.
  
Try free
Log in
 
 
 
 
Resources
Blog
News about us
About company
Imprint 
 
Contact us
info-at-voicedocs-com
/voicedocs
+491633146259 
 
 
How-to
What is transcription?
Convert audio to text
Add subtitles to video 
 
Support
Start chat
Contact support team
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy 
 
Trustpilot
 
 
Use Cases
Interview Transcription
Meeting transcription
Adding subtitles to video 
 
azərbaycanDeutschTürkçeEnglish
 
 
 