 
Volateq - Drone-based Monitoring of Solar Power Plants
 
     
 
App Login
About
Contact
 
About
Contact
 
 
 
Intelligent Image Analytics for Drone-Based Health Checksof Solar Fields  
Get actionable analytics for your solar field based on a digital twin 
GET IN TOUCH  
Improve the performance of your solar field 
Volateq creates a Digital Twin of your site and enables you to start optimizing your performance with a one-of-a-kind analysis 
 
						Gain clarity					
						Get a clear and concise image of the status of the site in terms of optical performance, damages and soiling					
 
						Win autonomy					
						Acquire data of your site whenever you want without being dependent on external experts and service providers					
 
						Save Resources					
						Achieve quicker measurements, less labor force and less costs with an easy to use automated software solution 					
 
						Improve Performance					
						Get actionable results to prioritize your maintenance schedule					
 
						Increase profitability					
						Better field conditions and savings in resources lead to higher profits, longer lifetime and increased safety					
Industry Sectors 
 
CSP Plants 
				Our software offers detailed condition monitoring for your solar field. The product includes parameters like thermal and component analysis, soiling and geometry.					
 
PV Parks 
Volateq enables you to get a detailed overview of the performance of your PV Park. We offer beyond state of the art technology in terms of combined soiling and anomaly detection. 
How does the product work? 
 
						Drone inspection					
						Start recording data autonomously and get the information you need to determine performance of your assets					
 
						Data upload					
						The data is uploaded using the Volateq web  app 
 
						Data processing					
						Our highly skilled software indicates precisely the location and severity of low performing areas					
 
						Reports					
						get accurate and comprehensible reports with actionable results
 					
Get in touch with us for more information or a quote 
We will get back to you as quickly as possible 
Contact Us 
 Copyright © Volateq
 
About 
Our Company
App Login
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookies
 
Contact 
Mühlenhof 7-9
40721 Hilden
+49 2103 9298102
info@volateq.de
 
 
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary Cookies (Required)							
Necessary Cookies (Required)
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
								Other Cookies (Optional)							
Other Cookies (Optional)
									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								
SAVE & ACCEPT