Wanloc - the Future of Communication
Skip to content
 
Home
Blog
Privacy Policy
Imprint
 
Site Search
Search for:
Search
 
 
A communication platform for active cooperation between people, businesses and education.WANLOC Active Platform is a solution for the current lack of simple, active online & offline cooperation on the market. It is a multi-page whiteboard-based system with a multi-camera function, full privacy, augmented reality ready, for hybrid – online & offline use.
 
 
Ready for Large Screens, Computers, Laptops, Tablets & Smartphones 
 
WANLOC Active Platform
 
Simplifies Communication
															using the multi-page whiteboard-based system available on every device and OS.												
Improves Presentation
																																			by adding two-way communication between presenter and audience.																												
Eases Education
										everyone, everywhere, anytime, hybrid - both online and offline.								
Contact us  
Email :wanloc@wanloc.comAddress :								Wanloc UG, Markt 5, 57072 Siegen, Germany						LinkedIn
Facebook
 
Something went wrong. SorryNameFirst NameLast NameEmail*Email *MessageMessage 
					Copyright 2022 Wanloc UG				
					Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress 
LinkedIn
Facebook
 
By clicking “I Agree,” you agree to the storing of first- and third-party cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
 
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Cookie Settings
NecessaryAnalytics 
Consent Management
We use cookies on our site. These are small files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our site. In the cookie information is stored, each resulting in connection with the specific terminal used. However, this does not mean that we are immediately aware of your identity. On the one hand, the use of cookies serves to make the use of our offer more pleasant for you. For example, we use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are automatically deleted after leaving our page. In addition, to improve usability, we also use temporary cookies that are stored on your device for a specified period of time become. If you visit our site again to take advantage of our services, it will automatically recognize that you have already been with us and what inputs and settings you have made, so you do not have to re-enter them.
On the other hand, we use cookies to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer (see Analysis Tools). These cookies allow us to automatically recognize when you visit our site again that you have already been with us. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined time. We only use cookies if you have given us appropriate consent, Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DS-GMO. In this case, we processed the data collected for the above purposes. You can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or a note always appears before a new cookie is created. However, disabling cookies completely may mean that you can not use all features of our website.
Necessary
These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but this may lead to usage restrictions.
Cookies Used
Required
gdpr[allowed_cookies], gdpr[consent_types], tk_ai, wordpress_test_cookie, wp-settings-1, wp-settings-time-1
Advertising
These cookies are used to deliver content that is perfectly-tailored to you and your interests. They may be used to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times that you see an advertisement. They also help us measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on Wanloc and non-Wanloc websites.
Analytics
These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with our web sites by providing information about the areas visited, the time spent on the web site, and any issues encountered, such as error messages. This helps us improve the performance of our web sites.
Cookies Used
ON
OFF
_ga, _gat_gtag_UA_91003491_3, _gid, DSID, IDE
Other
OK