Home - WasteAnt
Our Solutions
How We do it
Team
Partners
ENG
DE
Contact
We make waste a more valuable resource through AI-based waste quality management
We are a pioneer company in automated assessment of unstructured waste streams in high volumes: Our technology continuously analyzes and quantifies complex waste streams, enabling impurity detection, value chain traceability, and more efficient plant operations
With our AI-based solutions we support all types of waste management facilities: Sorting, Recycling, Waste-to-Energy, Sewage sludge, Biomass, and more by making waste streams fully transparent.
We enable informed decision-making operations that contribute to the optimization of waste processes and efficiency of circular economy.
Our solutions applied to Waste–to–Energy plants
24/7 automated waste monitoring 
of incoming waste materials and exhibit of results in dashboard
Impurity detection
Waste quality assessment 
100% Supplier traceability
Proactive  process steering
AI-based material preparation for incineration
Sorting / homogenization  recommendations
Real time material selection for maximum incineration efficiency
Location of WasteAnt sensor boxes
In a typical Waste–to–Energy plant we can
decreaseplant operating costs
Avoid unexpected downtimes through impurity detection
Less maintenance efforts through impurity detection
Decrease the required monitoring time of supplier's deliveries by 95%
Reduction in the use of fossil fuels for incineration and gas cleaning material through AI-supported material homogenization
increasethe Electricity output
Incineration closer to optimal efficiency through AI-supported material selection
Higher waste material throughput due to fewer downtimes
reduceemissions
Reduction in the use of fossil fuels  for incineration
Avoidance of emission peaks through better material homogenization
                24/7              
Automatic monitoring of incoming material
">0 
Continuous days of operation
">0 
Deliveries autonomously characterized
">0 
Tonnes of material analyzed and characterized
How we do it
Smart sensors and AI-based technology to continuously analyze and quantify waste streams
Continuous waste material classification and identification concerning
Quality Analysis
 AVV Code Validation
 Impurity Detection 
24/7 automated waste monitoring
Flue Gas Forecasts
Temperature Monitoring 
Calorific Value Forecast​
Proactive process steering
to increase operational efficiency within facilities and optimization of utilization
Anomaly Detection
Calorific Value & Flue Gas Forecasts
Contract Compliance - AVV Identification
Hot Spot Detection - Thermal Analysis
The Founding Team
That's us!
We got to know each other during our doctoral studies and joint EU and BMBF funded projects. WasteAnt's journey began with the Jacobs Startup Competition 2019, and with the inclusion of Maximilian Storp as a business co-founder at the beginning of 2022, we are now a complete team: international backgrounds, interdisciplinary training, extensive professional experience and the same common vision!
The Co-Founders
Dr. Christian Müller
Managing Director (Tech.)
12 years in Robotics with focus
on Computer Vision and 
Machine Learning
Product Vision and
Quality Control 
Maximilian Storp
Managing Director (Business)
6 years in Strategy, Operations and Restructuring consulting 
with Deloitte
Business Development,
Finance, Marketing
Dr. Szymon Krupinski
Head of Operations
15 years in innovation in Oil and Gas industry – software and system engineering
Engineering and 
On-sight Operations
Arturo Gomez Chavez
Head of R&D
8 years in Robotics R&D with 
focus on Cognitive Systems 
and AI frameworks
Software Development
and Research
Our Story
Participation in Jacobs Startup Competition 2019 with “PacketAnt” (Top 10 out of 160)
Winner of the project pitch 2019 competition with the further developed “WasteAnt” concept, organized by swb Kraftwerk city accelerator
Participation in the Open innovation cycle accelerator program 2020
Approval of EXIST funding 2021
Installation of the first prototype in a waste-to-energy plant in autumn 2021
Official company formation in October 2021
Business Co-Founder Match in November 2021
Start of 2nd pilot project with NEEW Ventures in February 2022 
Pilot project extension with SWB in April 2022
Part of the first batch of the High-Tech Incubator Oldenburg since August 2022 
2nd place at Deutscher KI-Startup Preis in September 2022 
Received pre-seed investment from independent investors in October 2022 
Our pilot partners
At swb, we deployed a prototype of the 24/7 automated waste monitoring solution since Q3 2021 and have successfully completed the proof of concept.
In the next phase, the solution is going to be retrofitted in all delivery gates and the waste bunker. The goal is to enable transparency in the material acceptance process and offer recommendations for waste homogenization.
At hkw Blumenthal, we use our solution for waste quality analysis on the conveyor belt. On the one hand, downtimes should be reduced through the continuous identification of impurities. On the other hand, an optimized thermal utilization of the waste is aimed at, made possible by the early recording of calorific and emission values.
In cooperation with NEEW we built a prototype for collecting information about the waste materials at the bunker drop chute before the incineration process.
The aim is to be able to significantly reduce the fluctuations in the burning and energy output operations based on a better knowledge of the materials quality and type.
Our supporters
Want to fully capitalize on your waste streams?
Book a timeslot to  talk to us 
Send us an email to: info@wasteant.com
Give us a call: +49 151 51917270
Impressum
WasteAnt GmbH
Campus Ring 1, 28759 Bremen, DE
info@wasteant.com
Geschäftsführer: Dr. Christian A. Müller, Maximilian Storp
Prokurist: Dr. Szymon Krupinski, Arturo Gomez Chavez
Amtsgericht Bremen HRB 37409 HB
Privacy policies