Robotic kitchen canteen for your company | Aitme
Join the movement. Discover careers
Menu
Mission
Careers
Deutsch
English
						Sign Up
					
Aitme Robotic Kitchen - welcome to the Aitme universe
Aitme offers a simple, innovative and cost-effective way to cater to your employees.Our all-in-one system consisting of a robotic kitchen, an ordering app and an operating system is unrivaled - and the perfect 24/7 addition to your catering concept.Dive into the world of our all-in-one system!
 
What our clients say about Aitme:
							"Our guests and our employees are our top priority. Aitme's robots can support our operations and create a high-quality, fresh offering for off-peak and overnight hours that would be difficult to implement without automation, especially in times of severe staff shortages."
						
									Arnd Rune Thomas
								
									Managing Director Aramark Holding Deutschland GmbH
								
See case study
							"The biggest challenge for us is to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. We searched for a long time and when we came across Aitme, we were convinced that Aitme offers exactly what we need. The customer can choose from a wide range of dishes and innovations. This diversity and the offer we support together with Aitme really allows the guest "The Power of Choice" - and that's what BMW stands for."
						
									Werner Gosch
								
									Head of Gastronomy BMW Munich
								
							"Probably the coolest chef in the world. Some would call it "spaced" that robots cook for them - for us it is the future. Starting in summer 2023, a robot will cook for our guests for the first time in our Surf Rescue Club in a prime beach location in Grömitz. Under our name "Spacebowls", the Aitme robots will cook pasta, bowls and curries for our guests within minutes. A highlight experience of the future that will be remembered."
						
									Niels Battenfeld
								
									Founder Lieblingsplatz Hotels
								
							"The Aitme cooking robot has been
very well received by our 
members and has become an interactive
part of the AI Campus.
I especially like the regularly
changing menu and the
possibility to customize the dishes
to suit my tastes."
						
									Dr. Rasmus Rothe
								
									Co-Founder Merantix AG
								
See case study
							"The Aitme robot is the final piece of the puzzle of our SimpliFood offering. Together with Aitme, we will not only change the working world itself but also the way people eat in offices."
						
									Dirk Griesinger
								
									Founder SimpliOffice
								
Aitme - much more than "just" a robot
				Aitme can be operated cost-efficiently with little personnel effort and offers a simple 24/7 solution, allowing for off-peak and night-time catering. Our robotic kitchen can be integrated into an existing canteen or operated as a stand-alone solution at locations without any current culinary offering.
			
Hardware
						Our kitchen robot prepares all its dishes autonomously in about 5 minutes. Your employees are served quickly and easily - around the clock.
					
Order app
						Thanks to our ordering app your employees have access to a world of delicious dishes for all tastes, whether it's ordering immediatley or conveniently pre-ordering.
					
Software operating system
						The Kitchen Cockpit is our software operating system for the kitchen robot, which makes operations easy for kitchen management and staff. It requires hardly any personnel effort and is an organizational miracle.
					
Facts, Facts - Food
				The Aitme kitchen robot at a glance
			
Available 24/7
Easy installation
Up to 60 dishes per hour
Low personnel cost
 
Cooking around the clock
								Whether during the day, at night or on the weekend: Our kitchen robot is ready to go and cooks fresh, delicious food - around the clock.
							
 
Plug & Play
								Our 8m² kitchen robot is easily installed by us in only 2 days. For installation you only need a water and electricity connection. Exhaust air is not needed because we use the latest air purification and cooling systems with an integrated dishwasher.
							
 
Colorful and delicious
								Our kitchen robot cooks up to 60 meals per hour. More than 80 individual dishes have already been developed and new dishes are added regularly - whether pasta, bowl, salad, curry sausage or curry.
							
 
Simple operation
								Our kitchen robot has a highly optimized workflow and can be operated with less than 5 hours of work per day.
							
Variety freshly served
				Delicious dishes from healthy ingredients
			
Pasta all'Arrabbiata
									Fusilli, tomato sauce, cherry tomatoes, arrabbiata dressing, basil
								
Green Veg Bowl
									Quinoa, broccoli, Asian coconut sauce, baby spinach, peas, cucumber, lemon dressing, spring onion, miso walnuts
								
Stir-Fry
									Basmati rice, smoked tofu, shredded carrots, broccoli, stir fry sauce, bean sprouts, capsicum, spring onions
								
Rainbow Salad
									Mixed lettuce, smoked tofu, maple tamari sauce, pickled pumpkin, beetroot, radish, cucumber, maple-harissa dressing, lime wedges, cilantro, sesame mix
								
Pasta Spinaci
									Fusilli, green pasta sauce, baby spinach, parmesan, basil
								
Indian Summer
									Quinoa, sweet potato, broccoli, chickpeas, pumpkin sauce, baby kale, beetroot, beetroot walnut dressing, pomegranate seeds
								
Caesar Salad
									Mixed lettuce, spicy chicken, radish, cucumber, parmesan dressing, croutons, parmesan
								
Butter Chicken
									Basmati rice, chicken, broccoli, peas, butterchicken sauce, cucumber, cherry tomatoes, yoghurt, coriander, roasted cashews
								
Cali Bowl
									Quinoa, kidney beans, tomato sauce, edamame, beetroot, corn, cucumber, vegan jalapeno ranch dressing, nacho chips, feta cheese, coriander
								
Pumpkin Pasta
									Fusilli, chickpeas, pumpkin sauce, beetroot, pickled pumpkin, kale, pumpkin pasta dressing, raisins, roasted miso walnuts
								
Swabian Dream
									Swabian noodles, cheese sauce, cucumber, fried onions, chives
								
Pumpkin Salad
									Mixed lettuce, roasted carrots, pumpkin sauce, beetroot, pickled butternut, balsamic dressing, feta cheese, roasted sunflower seeds
								
Green Goddess
									Basmati rice, smoked tofu, curry sauce, carrots, peas, celery, cucumber, spring onions, green dressing, sesame mix, parsley
								
Tahini Potato Bowl
									Potatoes, chicken, chickpeas, curry sauce, beetroot, baby spinach, tahini dressing, pumpkin seeds, parsley
								
Chicken Curry
									Basmati rice, chicken, broccoli, carrots, curry sauce, cucumber, peas, peanut curry dressing, coconut yoghurt
								
Our menu is impressive
								More than 80 individual dishes developed - pasta, bowl, salad, Currywurst or curry – you can have it all.
							
Colorful and delicious
								Over 200 ingredients are the basis for our original and delicious meals - easy to combine, easy to use.
							
Growing selection
								New dishes for your guests are added regularly.
							
All costs in plain view
Transparent costs, full cost control
Our pricing model
Monthly Costs
from 5.900€*
Include:
- Aitme Robotic Kitchen (hardware)
- Service, maintenance and spare parts
- Customer support
- POS system
- Operating system to control the robot
- Customer app
- Cloud services and software development
- Aitme recipe directory with more than 80 recipes
- Culinary development
*Monthly Aitme usage fee: 3.000€, monthly leasing fee approx. 2.900€ based on 250.00.00€ purchase price. 10% down payment upon conclusion of contract. Contract period: 7 years. Leasing conditions depend on financing bank. Aitme is not the lessor.
Bon appetit
How your company benefits from Aitme
All-in-one solution: Kitchen Cockpit, app and kitchen robot
Plug & Play: No personnel worries
Zero stress: Easy installation and intuitive control
Delicious food, non-stop: Easy 24/7 operation
Fit for Future: Low investment costs
Ready for the start into a new universe?
				3-2-1, let‘s go!
			
 
Accept data privacy policy
Aitme commits to respect and protect your privacy. We will use your data to manage your account and to deliver the requested products and services only. From time to time we would like to inform you about products and services that may be of use to you.
					
Sign up
Datenschutz
Impressum