ASEIKO SKIN® | AI skin analysis tool
top of pageno additional technological requirements
for B2B partnerHomeProductAbout usMissionContactDownload AppFood-For-SkinBlogFAQFor BrandsMore...Use tab to navigate through the menu items.Top of PageKontaktMissionDemoversionProduktÜber unsASEIKO
PERSONAL SHOPPING GUIDE & MARKETPLACE FOR CLEAN
SKIN CARECosmetics can do wonders for our skin - 
as long as we find the right ones. 
Not an easy task in a permanently oversupplied skin care market. Solving the problem requires a very individual approach.
At Aseiko we bring customers and brands together.
We enable both sides to use the technology and easily find their best matches.
YourSkin:YourChoice:YourCommunityProduktHOW ASEIKO WORKS?
EASY, EFFECTIFE, FOR YOU: Aseiko guides you as customer through a personalized process to help you find the skincare products that best suit your needs in less than 2 minutes. Consult Aseiko on the go when shopping for new skincare products online or in-store.Simplicity Clarity WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?Scroll through 'our faces' and tap to read the details about Aseiko @TheSkinCareApp. Learn how to use it in order to get the most out of Aseiko's artificial power and individual support for you.HOW ASEIKO WORKS?
EASY, EFFECTIFE, FOR YOU: Aseiko guides you as customer through a personalized process to help you find the skincare products that best suit your needs in less than 2 minutes. Consult Aseiko on the go when shopping for new skincare products online or in-store. simplicity Aseiko is an easy-to-use mobile solution. You can download for free and start using it immediately. All you need to know is, how to upload the close-up of a part of your face properly.  transparency WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?Aseiko recommends you the products that suit your personal skin concerns. In addition to the description of each product, you will find a traffic-light similar feature showing you if the formulation includes any controversial ingredients. We don’t run advertisement in Aseiko, you can browse and filter your products without being disrupted by paid ads. clearness Aseiko was developed with the clear mission to help end-customers find better orientation in the current highly saturated market for skin care. We don't ask you to save your skincare routine, to create daily plans, to upload results or share any additional data in the app that isn't related to your user profile. sustainability Aseiko is not a distributor or wholesaler platform. We work with our partner companies following D2C approach. The products you buy from Aseiko are shipped to you directly from the original brand location. This saves additional transportation costs and CO2 emissions. Scroll through 'our faces' and tap to read the details about Aseiko @TheSkinCareApp. Learn how to use it in order to get the most out of Aseiko's artificial power and individual support for you.
ASEIKO'S MISSION: 
YOUR FEEL-GOOD-SKIN...as well as to:
easily enhance your natural beauty 
offer a variety of exclusively clean products
support your healthy skin 
       from within
create a social marketplace for skincare products
build a strong international community
guarantee ingredient-transparency
MissionGET THE LATEST INFORMATION.
TALK WITH US.Success! Message received.Sendcontact@aseiko.io
www.aseiko.io20148 Hamburg
GermanyFAQ
For BrandsKontaktÜber unsWHO IS ASEIKO AND WHO HAS CREATED HER? STORYASEIKO = 最高 [Saikō, Japanese = Best, Supreme]
As the founder of Aseiko, I believe there are moments in life when it is time to step into new spaces. I am convinced, that the technology of AI will enrich our lives positively. As a passionate consumer of skincare products myself, I am sure that the greatest beauty triumph is, first and foremost, very natural and healthy skin. 
What do I still miss the most when looking for the right skin care?
(1) The freedom of choice to buy products from all over the world, (2) the lack of orientation in a 'confusing and over-supplied skin care market', (3) the easy understanding regarding the influence of cosmetic ingredients, and (4) the honest product recommendations of real users. 
This is what Aseiko stands for. She (we have decided that Aseiko is she/her) analyses and gives insights into what skincare products are made of and matches this valuable information with the personal needs of the users.
Aseiko helps both: customers to find and buy exactly the products they need, and brands to offer products and sell them to a precisely targeted group of customers. She enables users to select and order quickly their recommended skincare products - max. 3-5 min, through a global marketplace, based on strong personalization and extensive data with primarily certified, nontoxic & clean products.
A small team of dedicated developers and advisors are working to develop Aseiko as a smart, supportive, and entertaining mobile solution for clean skin care. VISIONASEIKO SKIN® our vision – we enable you to use and explore clean skincare products from all over the world #technologyforgood
We want to enable our users to primarily explore certified clean skincare products from all over the world. Such as those made by already known companies but also numerous, new products, created by small independent brands.
For this purpose, we have trained Aseiko to recognize the current condition of the skin. We fed her with a large amount of data in regard to good and bad cosmetic ingredients for particular skin concerns, organic cosmetic characteristics, user rankings, and many more.
We want to enable our users to avoid disappointing experiences such as paying too much for non-viable skincare products. We believe, if we all start to use only products which are necessary and tailored to our personal requirements, general consumption will decrease and over the long term, less product waste will occur.
We decided also to give the community the option to get advice from an experienced ‘human‘ holistic specialist. In the section Food-For-Skin our 'human lady' shares tips and recipes on how to nourish and keep your skin healthy; additionally offering solutions to help address even serious skin issues with a simple change of diet. Don't miss to try it!TECHNOLOGYASEIKO SKIN® the technology – ASEIKO analyses your skin condition and helps you to find the best suitable products and ingredients for your personal needs.
Aseiko is for those who make a difference. It is an AI-based solution for all 'out of the box' thinkers, who wish to experience something new - regardless of age, gender or ethnicity. 
The idea behind Aseiko is to use technological development in order to simplify daily decisions and routines related to our skincare regime. Aseiko helps you to find out easily what your current skin condition is, and recommends automatically the best suitable products and ingredients for your personal needs offered by many different companies 
We deliberately avoid asking you to upload your selfie, but only to deliver a high-resolution picture of a part of your face: no selfies, no facial recognition, no private data issues.
Aseiko will treat you as a friend. She is linked to supportive algorithms and as soon as your skin condition and concerns have been analyzed you will receive your personal list of recommended cosmetic products. This will help you orientate yourself better in a congested skin care product market and become more confident in purchasing your skin care products. Over time, you will continue to learn from Aseiko and how to buy primarily the products you really need.
You can order a particular product on Aseiko's global marketplace or you can just use her advice to inform yourself regarding your daily skin care. You can share your experiences on different skincare products or get in touch with other Aseiko users.DemoversionGet the ASEIKO APP for Android
(iOS version is to follow soon)
You can use ASEIKO for free
You can take her as your virtual shopping assistant
You can consult her recommendations whenever you go shopping for (new) skincare products
You can enjoy newest technology for an optimal product match & ingredient transparency 
You can use the In-App Messenger to stay in touch with friends, family or your favorite brands
You can help us build a global community dedicated exclusively to clean skincare
You can start using ASEIKO to have fun!
DOWNLOAD NOW 🤳✨Benefits in a nutshell:
Last Update: 20.02.23 From the Developer
We've optimized the design of user profile settings and dropdown menus
We have uploaded a short video showing how exactly the user should capture the image, scale it and share it for analysis
We've added an animated icon showing how to double-tap a product image to enlarge it
We've changed the design of the profile screen a bit, where users can now see their user profile picture and username, as well as some more informative icons
We fixed the Find Friends field in Messenger and now users can more easily find friends by username
ASEIKO SKIN®
IN THE MEDIADiscover Germany,
Switzerland & Austria
03/2022ASEIKO SKIN® 
ON OTHER PLATFORMS
LINKSHomeProductAbout usMissionContactDownload AppFood-For-SkinBlogFAQFor BrandsABOUT UScontact@aseiko.io
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms & ConditionsFOLLOW ON© 2023 ASEIKO SKIN®, All rights reserved. bottom of page