aumentoo | the platform to run innovation - aumentoo GmbH
Features
Connect
Manage
Automate
Analyze
Customize
Blog
Corporates – Startups Blog
Innovation Wiki
Announcements
White Paper
About
Career
Contact Us
 
Signup for a Free Trial
✕
SPEED UP YOUR INNOVATION PROCESS 
							Plan, Run & Manage your Innovations with aumentoo 
							 
From ideation, scouting, portfolio management and assessments, get everyone on board to work more efficiently and reduce timeSCHEDULE A DEMO
SHOW ME ALL FEATURES
aumentoo - Your all-in-one Innovation Management Platform Connect the whole Eco-SystemIntegrate all information sources into the innovation process. Engage business units and decision makers to accelerate product development. 
Learn more
Manage Innovations & TeamsPlan startup events, search for the right cooperation partners, create projects and tasks. Coordinate all activities using a central platform.
Learn more
Automate Working ProcessesEnable transparent and traceable processes. Automate manual working steps through integrated tools and helpful workflows.
Learn more
 Analyze Trends & PerformancesMonitor trend developments and track the latest news in your industry. Analyze the performances of your portfolio and team. 
Learn more
Customize aumentoo to YOUR needsAdapt the aumentoo application to the corporate governance of your company and help to meet the requirements.
Learn more
 What Users say about aumentoo
  As the Insurance Chamber's startup cooperation team, we use the aumentoo software in particular as our central startup and knowledge database, with the help of which we also map our startup cooperation process. Particularly noteworthy are the intuitive user interface and the clarity of the application.  Johannes Wagner, Head of Startup Cooperation Versicherungskammer Bayern
 Our Partners
What others write about us  How aumentoo can be usedCorporates
 
Innovation ProgramsStartup CollaborationsIn-house accelerator/incubatorStartup & Tech ScoutingHackathons & Innovation ChallengesIntrapreneurship ProgramsCorporate Venture Capitalists (CVCs)
Read moreHubs
 
Startup-ScoutsAccelerators & IncubatorsCommunity ManagementProject Management 
 
Read moreConsultants
 
Use aumentoo for your own internal innovation management
or
as base for Innovation-as-a-Service offers
 
Read more
Ready to explore more?
Get in touch and have an  Online Demo
 
 Interested in News about Innovation & aumentoo?
About aumentoo aumentoo was founded to improve the startup management process for corporates.
We act on our core values: Integrity, Innovation, Passion
More about us 
Research Projects
Contact
Useful Links Imprint
Privacy Policy
Webinars
FAQ
Status
Login
                aumentoo. made with  in Bavaria              
Signup for a Free Trial
Manage Cookie Consent
We use cookies to optimize our website and our service.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
Preferences
Save preferences
Preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent