 
 Sensor fusion software for automated driving | BASELABS
				Menu
			
							Contact
						
							Jobs
						
							News
						
Login
ENDE
				Sensor Fusion Software for Safe Automated Driving
			
				Sensor fusion results
			
					From prototyping to series production
				
							Dynamic Object Fusion Library
						
BASELABS Create Embedded 
For cost- and resource-efficient development of driver assistance systems up to L3. Suitable for AEB, highway pilot, and similar use cases. Dynamic objects fusion for all relevant automotive sensors.   
							Dynamic Grid Fusion  Library
						
BASELABS Dynamic GridFor challenging use cases such as valet parking, L2+ driver assistance and highly automated driving. Dynamic & static objects fusion including free space detection, also with high resolution sensors. 
							Sensor Fusion Insights
						
 Strategic & Technical Knowledge 
Thoughtful considerations are required when making strategic or technical decisions for sensor fusion. BASELABS experts share strategic and technical advise to enrich your thinking.
							Trustworthy Partner
						
Sensor Fusion ExpertiseOur customers develop advanced driver assistance systems as well as environment models with BASELABS sensor fusion development software.
					About BASELABS
				
									Sensor Fusion Software for Safe Automated Driving
								
BASELABS is executing on the vision of "safe automated driving for all vehicles". We provide software products to make the development of sensor fusion efficient and scalable. We are a trustworthy partner for automotive manufacturers and suppliers worldwide.BASELABS was founded in 2012 and is in shared ownership by its four founders and Vector Informatik GmbH. Thus, we are strategically independent of any OEM, Tier 1, or sensor supplier in the market.The basis of our success is a dedicated team in an employee-oriented corporate culture, whose positive assessment has led to receive the "Great Place to Work®" award several times.
									Job offers
								
									Sensor Fusion Knowledge
								
Sensor fusion is one of the most important building blocks for automated vehicles. In the process of sensor fusion, the results of different sensors are combined to obtain more reliable and meaningful data. In the context of automated driving, the term usually refers to the perception of the environment of a vehicle using vehicle sensors such as radars, cameras and lidars.
									Learn more
								
									Safe Autonomous Operation of Commercial Vehicles
								
This article explains: Why ensuring the safety of highly automated commercial vehicles includes its challenges Why complexity reduction is favorable for safe autonomous driving How fenced areas can offer new automation options How path planning considers both known and unknown objects
									Read the article
								
									Webinar Low-level fusion with the BASELABS Dynamic Grid - Detecting the unsafe unknowns
								
If you are looking for ways to improve your ability to detect potential  dangers and threats in sensor fusion or if you struggle with detecting  unknown risks that traditional high-level fusion techniques just can't  capture - You should watch our webinar!
									Watch the full Webinar
								
									Webinar Sensor Fusion: From Prototyping to Production
								
 What are the required latencies for different sensors? How do we ensure  numerical stability and how do you overcome out of sequence on the  input? When do you attach confidence levels?  
In this webinar you will find out how to unlock the full potential of  your ADAS! Streamline your sensorfusion development process and find out  how enhanced performance and increased safety on the road can be  achieved with the powerful BASELABS Create Embedded software library. 
									Watch the full Webinar
								
									BASELABS is a certified Great Place to Work®
								
Once again, we are one of Germany's best employers in the information and communications  industry and in the category "small and medium-sized businesses"! We are  delighted and proud to receive this award from Great Place To Work®! 
									Learn more abour our Great Place to Work®
								
									Sensor fusion for high-resolution sensors and next-generation urban driving functions
								
BASELABS Dynamic Grid provides sensor fusion of dynamic and static objects, including free space detection. The technology is suitable for high-resolution radars, semantic segmentation cameras, or lidars. It empowers your development of automated driving in urban environments, automated parking, traffic jam or highway pilots, with many different traffic participants and object types.  
									Watch the full video
								
									Safe and scalable sensor fusion ecosystem for ADAS
								
The whitepaper "Driving Toward Level 2+ Sensor Fusion for ADAS" explores how Utilizing a safe and scalable sensor fusion ecosystem of hard- and software can efficiently handle the complexity of sensor fusion for safety-critical automotive applicationsThe BASELABS Create Embedded sensor fusion platform is the perfect fit for the Infineon AURIX TC3xx family of reliable automotive microcontrollers when approaching the development of ADAS systems that vehicle owners can trust   
 
									Download Whitepaper
								
									exida confirms ISO 26262 compliance of BASELABS Create Embedded
								
We are excited to announce that our product for the development of safe object fusion algorithms - BASELABS Create Embedded - has been confirmed by exida to be compliant with the relevant regulations of the ISO 26262 safety norm. With its comprehensive understanding of ISO 26262, exida provides ISO 26262 certification for the development of safer products. 
BASELABS Create Embedded has been developed in accordance with a relevant sub-set of ISO 26262:2018 requirements and methods for ASIL B. Its resulting software algorithms are directly applicable to the production of safety-related ADAS and automated driving functions. 
									More information
								
									BASELABS Create Embedded now supports Infineon's AURIX TC3xx microcontrollers
								
With BASELABS Create Embedded, a series-grade software library is available which enables customers to efficiently develop sensor fusion systems for automated driving functions in embedded systems. The software makes it possible for the first time to take over the developed sensor fusion C-code directly for series production ECUs. Infineon's AURIX™ TC3xx microcontroller platforms are perfectly suited for the execution of the embedded software algorithms. 
									Press release
								
									Chemnitz Automated Driving Alliance (CADA) - bundled competencies in Chemnitz
								
Together with other companies from in the field of automated driving in Chemnitz, BASELABS has founded the association CADA. The cluster has the mission to promote Chemnitz as a competence center for software development for automated driving. Several companies are active in this field with slightly different but complementary focus. This underlines the wide range of job opportunities available to actively participate in the future of the automotive industry. Both graduates and experienced software developers and engineers are invited to benefit from this versatility for their career in Chemnitz in the long run.
									About CADA
								
						We work for leading clients
					
Contact Baselabs
  
Events
						09.05.2023
						
							- 11.05.2023
						
						
					
AutoSens Detroit 2023 - Detroit - United States of America
						13.05.2023
						
						
					
RoboDay Future Engineers (CADA)
Show all
Baselabs Newsletter
Our newsletter is a convenient way to stay in touch. We send it just a few times per year, so you won’t get bothered, but informed!
subscribe
Follow Baselabs
Follow BASELABS on LinkedIn
Follow BASELABS on Facebook
Follow BASELABS on Twitter
Follow BASELABS on XING
Follow BASELABS on Youtube
					© 2023 BASELABS  - Sensor Fusion Software for Safe Automated Driving. Learn more about our Sensor Fusion Library BASELABS Create Embedded. Stay in touch with our newsletter.Imprint | Privacy Policy
Search for:
close
Share:
Share BASELABS on LinkedIn
Share BASELABS on Facebook
Share BASELABS on Google+
Share BASELABS on Twitter
Share BASELABS on XING
close
Get access:
				Checking data...
			
Login was not successful.
Login successful. You will be redirected
Forgot password?
Close
Top of page
Object FusionbackBASELABS Create EmbeddedBASELABS Create Embedded - Frequently Asked QuestionsSensor Fusion Library for NVIDIA DRIVE PlatformsSensor Fusion Library for Headlight LiDARsSensor Fusion Library for Infineon AURIXSensor fusion library for AUTOSARSensor fusion for AEB in NCAP scenariosDynamic Grid Fusion for ADAS and ADResearchJobsbackStellenangeboteBASELABS – Ein "Great Place to Work"Vorteile bei BASELABSBASELABS InsightsBASELABS Karriere-NewsletterSensor FusionCompanyNews and PressbackPressSensor Fusion InsightsEventsBASELABS newslettersContact 
Search
Login
Share 
ENDE
 