Blockchain HELIX: Creating Trusted Digital Identity
			Skip to content		
 
Our Story
Team
Partners
News
Contact
Product
Press
Jobs
EN
DE
 
 Menu
Our Story
Team
Partners
News
Contact
Product
Press
Jobs
EN
DE
 
 
HOME OF DIGITAL IDENTITY 
BUILDING TRUSTED DIGITAL IDENTITY 
We are Blockchain HELIX, a German Blockchain technology startup. Innovation, creativity & sustainability is at the heart of everything we do. We offer a Digital Identity solution for individuals and corporates, called helix id. Join our mission in creating a trusted & secure Digital Identity ecosystem! 
Talk to us
 
 
						LINKEDIN					
 
						TWITTER					
 
						HELIX ID					
 
						Medium					
 
						Facebook					
In The news 
as seen in 
 
 
 
SET UP FOR SUCCESS 
Our Story 
It’s a magical moment where passion and business come together. Everything happens suddenly: fulfillment, implementation, realization. The right people with the right mindsets come together at exactly the right time. Everything integrates together for the one vision. This is how power teams are created and there is only one way forward. Ladies and Gentlemen, Set Up For Success! 
Our crew in alphabetical order 
CREATORS OF TRUST 
Alfons  
Public Relations 
Anastasia  
Marketing 
Alex  
Operations 
Ansik  
Analytics 
Felix  
Advisor 
Lothar  
Development 
Mariano  
Business Dev 
Miriam  
Marketing 
Nathan  
Legal 
Sandra  
Marketing & Communications 
Oliver  
Founder & CEO 
Come along our Journey
Take your time and take a look at our job offers.					
Click here
Star of the show 
helix id 
Join us as a Trusted Partner and benefit from leading-edge technology, easy integration and greater visibility in our Digital Identity platform. Improve your data quality while reducing your operational costs. Profit from regulatory compliant KYC and AML services, while customers retain full control of their private data. Secure your competitive advantage through groundbreaking technology and the spirit of the next era. All this is made possible by pioneering minds and the use of Blockchain technology. 
Medium
 
Facebook
 
Go to Website
 
 Download all partnership models 
 
Listen to the audience 
ENCORE 
						"Authentication and Digital Identities are one of the most important topics in the networked world. Secure and legally compliant KYC solutions are possible here, particularly through the use of block chains. Our investment in helix id underlines our philosophy of investing in technology that offers solutions for the digital age. With helix id we have invested in a very experienced and ambitious team that shares our strategy and vision."					
Stefan SchützeMember of the management board, FinLab AG 
						"Blockchain-based identity management is the next big thing in digital transformation where customers have a clear benefit: owning their data, having full privacy and not having hundreds of passwords for hundreds of user accounts."					
Prof. Dr. Philipp SandnerFrankfurt School Blockchain Center 
						"Blockchain HELIX is introducing with helix id the Digital Identity to the market. As FATF has recently recommended, such a product will provide a tool to apply more efficient and low-risk Know-Your-Customer checks for Anti-Money-Laundering purposes. It also gives the customer the power to protect his privacy when dealing with corporates. A great achievement for the Blockchain ecosystem by a German Blockchain veteran."					
Alireza SiadatSimmons & Simmons 
						"Especially for banks helix id offers an interesting solution for the Digital Identity on the Blockchain. helix id provides a platform on which personal data can be shared by institutions, companies and banks in the B2B sector and where the requirements of the DSGVO are met. The Know-Your-Customer (KYC) process can thus be carried out quickly and securely."					
Dr. Gerhard GrebeManaging Director, banXconsult GmbH 
						"There is a strong requirement for Digital Identity in the online and mobile world. Digital processes need to be implemented from a customer’s perspective without media disruption. The convenient and secure verification of identity, combined with a TAN-free authentication and approval using digital signature are the key success factors."					
Jürgen WeissExecutive, Seal ONE 
						"Trust is the basis of decentralized business relationships. The Digital Identities and KYC verifications offered with helix id complement the company verifications in the evan.network, so that trusting business relationships between trusted partners can be digitized end-to-end without creating dependencies to platform operators."					
Thomas Müller CEO, evan network 
 Previous
 Next
DO ExcEptional THINGS TOGETHER 
TEAMWORK 
technical Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Media Partners 
 
RADIO UNIVERSE 
Key Stories 
				Blockchain HELIX digitizes identities for Frankfurt – for every citizen and every company			
			12/02/2021		
The team from Frankfurt-based Blockchain
HELIX AG, has been a technological pioneer in the field of digital identity since
2016, a topic which was recently declared a top priority by our Federal Chancellor.
				READ MORE			
				Blockchain HELIX joins Verband Sichere Digitale Identität			
			09/09/2020		
The startup Blockchain HELIX located in Frankfurt am Main is now a member of the Verband Sichere Digitale Identität e.V. (VSDI) from Berlin.
				READ MORE			
More News
MEET AND GREET 
Events & meetups 
#1TALK
IDENTITY MANAGEMENT 
JAN 15 20 
DEKA INNOVATION DAYS
FRANKFURT 
TBA
#2BREAKFAST FINTECH MEETS POLITICS 
FEB 24 20 
Welcoming Dr. JÖRG KukiesFrankfurt 
Info
#3TRENDTALKS
DIGITAL TRUST 2020 
MAR 12 20 
Meet Digital Identity Experts
FRANKFURT 
INFO
talk to us 
Get In touch 
								Name							
								Email							
 
								Message							
 
Submit
 
 
Copyright © 2019 Blockchain HELIX AG 
Twitter
 
Medium
 
Linkedin
 
Our Story
Team
News
Jobs
Product
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Subscribe to our newsletter! 
								Email							
Subscribe
 
helix id is GDPR compliant 
 
helix id uses ISO 27001 certified cloud infrastructure under certificate number IS 2013009 
 
Blockchain HELIX AG is verified member of Leaders for Climate Action 
 
Talk to us 
Fill in your details and we’ll get back to you in no time. 
 
								Name							
								Email							
								message							
 
Send Message