bluquist – Unleash human potential.
 
 
 
Software   
Assessment Hub 
Talent Matching 
Role Matching 
Team Matching 
The BalancedYou™ program 
Product updates 
Expertise   
Technologies 
Consulting 
Workshops   
Individual team development 
Leadership development 
Open Seats Leadership Workshops 
Research 
Our offering 
Pricing   
Pricing 
Champion certification 
Company   
Blog 
Team 
Podcast 
Career 
Support 
EN  
DE 
        Request demo    
 
 
 
                Home            
The Talent & Potential Platform Human Centric Companies Thrive The HR platform designed to improve employee motivation, health, and performance. With bluquist you can focus on building a human-focused workforce. Invest in bluquist today and start becoming a human-centric organization. Try now Our bluquist Principle Measure. Discover the personality, preferences and strengths of your employees […] 
 
 
The Talent & Potential Platform 
Human Centric Companies Thrive
 
The HR platform designed to improve employee motivation, health, and performance. With bluquist you can focus on building a human-focused workforce. Invest in bluquist today and start becoming a human-centric organization. 
Try now
 
Our bluquist Principle 
Measure. 
Discover the personality, preferences and strengths of your employees and candidates.
Match. 
Identify the person who will perform best in a specific role and who best fits the team culture.
Grow. 
With the right people on your team, everyone’s performance, commitment and well-being measurably improves.
The bluquist platform 
Every person is unique. With bluquist, you gain deep insights into the personalities of your employees and candidates and find out what drives them to perform at their best. This is future of the world of work.
Get your demo now
 
BalancedYou™​ 
BalancedYou™ is an integrated health and performance program for companies that are committed to the health and performance of their employees without compromise.
More about BalancedYou™
Benefits for your organization: 
 
Faster and better recruiting 
With bluquist you can see which candidate is the best fit for the job and the team with just one click. This way you can fill new positions over 30% faster.
 
Reduce fluctuation in your teams 
With bluquist, you minimize the risk of hiring the wrong person because you can easily identify which candidate is the best fit for the job and the team.
 
Improve your leadership 
With bluquist you get to know the needs, preferences and potentials of your employees. Therefore it is much easier for you to lead your team.
 
Build higher-performing teams 
With bluquist you create the best working environment for your employees. This increases the productivity of your teams by over 20%.
 
Create a healthy work environment 
With insights from bluquist, you can create a healthier work environment and can reduce the number of sick days by over 25%.
 
Increase diversity in your teams. 
With bluquist, you make bias-free personnel decisions and thus increase the diversity in your team. This strengthens creativity and innovation.
Get a free personal consultation
Learn here how to unleash the full potential of your business. 
 
 
The bluquist core technologies 
Unleash the full potential of your organization with bluquist’s unified talent platform fueled by cutting-edge technologies. Discover a competitive edge and drive success with our seamless platform today. 
See our technologies
Assessment & Data Hub 
Our unique aggregation of assessments leads to holistic and meaningful insights into the personality, values, preferences and competencies of employees and candidates and forms the basis for your HR decisions. 
Tell me more
 
Clients & Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 What our clients say 
 For us, a comprehensive analysis of potential is of high importance for ensuring successful company succession, both for candidates and companies. Bluquist has found a new, direct and comprehensive way to do this.
We appreciate this very much and use the high quality of a digital assessment for our projects in the purchase and sale of companies as well as in the generation change. 
 Nils Koerber 
 Founder of KERN-Unternehmensnachfolge.Erfolgreicher. 
 BLUQUIST revolutionizes the way organisations fill and manage roles, develop people, form teams, and manage organisational complexity. 
 Danielle Gianella 
 CEO RMP Swiss 
 Leading means creating the best conditions for each individual talent, enabling development within the organisation and thus moving the organization forward as a whole. BLUQUIST generates incredible momentum in this area. 
 Jürgen Schulze-Seeger 
 Founder and CEO Bridgehouse 
 Working with BLUQUIST, companies gain an integral set of bio-psychic data that provides a previously untapped understanding of needs, inner strengths, and ideal development opportunities for employees. 
 Florian Wolf 
 Founder and CEO YourPrevention 
 Developing personalities and forming teams requires a holistic and comprehensive view of the person and the personality of a person. With BLUQUIST you have the possibility to match different perspectives, to develop persons and to form teams. A VALUEable approach. 
 Rainer Krumm 
 Founder and CEO 9 Levels Institute  
Data Security 
We take our responsibility to protect your data very seriously. bluquist is software from Potsdam, Germany, hosted in Germany. Besides, we use only the highest industry standards to ensure data protection and confidentiality.
 
bluquist isGDPR compliant 
We comply with all requirements of the European GDPR to create a legally secure framework for working with bluquist in the EU.
 
Secure datatransmission 
bluquist works with state-of-the-art technology in all data exchange with SSL encryption. All user data is encrypted and transmitted between users and our systems.
 
Hostedin Germany 
bluquist is developed in Potsdam and all user data is stored on German servers. We only work with service providers registered in Germany for our cloud infrastructure.
 
IITR Sealof Approval 
Data security has the highest priority for us. Therefore, our data protection has been audited by IITR.
Try it now! 
 
Experience bluquist for yourself and see the positive changes you can make with our tool.
Start now
 
Blue Excellence GmbH
Behlertstraße 3A / Haus B2
14467 Potsdam
Office Swiss:
Gartenlaubenstrasse 15
6430 Schwyz
financed & supported by:
 
 
Overview 
Home
Blog
Human potential
Product updates
Help & FAQs
bluquist podcast
Legal 
Data Protection & Privacy
Legal notice
Contact 
Email: hello@bluquist.com
DE: +49 331 23 52 111
CH: +41 79 410 53 30
© Copyright Blue Excellence
 
 
A Quick & Practical Guide to Getting More Clients
Enter your email address and we will send you a 100% free e-book on actionable guide.
Download Ebook
Guide to Million Dollar Success
My Website
More info about price
 
Das ist ein Test
 