  
Your Personal German-Speaking Helper in Germany | Booka Local
 
 
 
Our Mission
Blog
Ebook: Ask the Locals
Uni & Corporate Discount
Become a helper
 Menu
Our Mission
Blog
Ebook: Ask the Locals
Uni & Corporate Discount
Become a helper
Choose your location
Step 1 of 2
50%
Choose Country*GermanyAustria
Choose City*BerlinLeipzigMunichFrankfurt am MainHamburgOther cities (online services)Choose City*ViennaOther cities (online services)
 
 
Don't speak German yet? 
Book a local helper 
Choose Country
Germany
Austria
Berlin
Leipzig
Munich
Frankfurt
Hamburg
Stuttgart
Köln
Other cities (Online services)
Vienna
Other Cities (Online serviecs)
 
 
Why Booka Local? 
 
Get matched with a helper in minutes 
Match with a helper by location 
Never have to worry about language barrier again 
Get full refund if cancelled 24 hours before the appointment 
Get notified when we see an available Anmeldung appointment spot! 
Subscribe Now
Berlin
Hamburg
 I agree to receive emails from MCL Booka Local UG: 
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information read our privacy policy.
 I agree to receive emails from MCL Booka Local UG: 
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information read our privacy policy.
Just published: 
Ask the locals 
 “Do you always pay when you want to use the public restroom?”“Do you shake hands with or hug the people you just met?”Do all these questions sounds familiar? They probably have been in your mind for quite a while.You can get a copy of the book delivered to you if you answer a simple question to help Booka Local improve! 
Win the Book
 
 
Our App 
is now available! 
 
 
 
Our Booking Process 
Simple & efficient 
 
 
Get insider tips from us! 
Wanna live like the locals? 
We promise our updates are gonna be fun and worth your time. They will be comprised of insights and tips from our local helpers and network. 
First Name
Email
 I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
Leave this field empty if you're human: 
FAQ 
 
Documents checking before the appointment?
If you need help checking the documents before the appointment, please make one separate booking for the document preparation. When you only book for a certain appointment, we take it as you will prepare all the documents by yourself before the appointment.
The appointment runs longer than expected?
When it happens, kindly ask if our local helpers are free to stay longer to help you. We will send you a payment request after the appointment.
What if the helper doesn’t show up?
We will try our very best to avoid situations like this. However, when there’s an emergency that our helpers cannot arrive on time or show up, your booking will be fully refunded. In compensating for your loss, you can make the same booking for free.
What to do with Phone calls with long waiting time?
It is hard to expect how long you will have to wait to speak to a customer service officer. We advise you to give us the phone number beforehand, so we can try it for you before the designated time. It will also be good if you can be flexible with your schedule, so we can catch the right time to make the phone calls. We strongly advise you not to choose anytime around lunch hours, which are often hard to reach anyone on the phone.
How do I make the phone call together with the helper?
You will first connect with our helpers on zoom. Our helpers will then dial the number for you using their phones. They will turn the loudspeaker on so you will be able to join the conversation. In most situations, you will only need to validate your identity with the 3rd party you are calling, and then our helpers will do the rest of the phone call for you according to your request.
Is subscription to the service required?
Our platform and our app do not require any subscription. You can use our web version or download our app on AppStore. You only have to pay for the service when you book for one. No subscription is needed.
How do I cancel my appointment?
After you have booked an appointment, you will receive a confirmation email. There you can see options like “rescheduling” or “canceling” your appointment. After you cancel the appointment, our customer service will contact you concerning the refund.
Do I get a full refund when my appointment was canceled through a third party?
In case your service involves a 3rd party (e.g. Finanzamt) and this 3rd party cancels the appointment beforehand, it is very likely that we will issue you a 100% refund if you can provide us the proof from the 3rd party. However, if the appointment was only canceled when our helper has already arrived at the meeting location, you may not get the full refund. We will of course review the cases individually.
Proud to be featured on 
 
 
Try our App (and get €3 credit)
 
 
+49 030 46795657
 
[email protected]
 
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Linkedin
 
Impressum
Privacy Policy
AGB
Widerrufsbelehrung
Media Center
Impressum
Privacy Policy
AGB
Widerrufsbelehrung
Media Center
Shopping Basket 
   
Cookie NoticeWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
Necessary 
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 
Functional 
Functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance 
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics 
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement 
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others 
Others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
SAVE & ACCEPT