Bragi.com - The platform that enables wireless audio products
logoLeT's TALK
        Home
        
    
        Bragi Products
        
            
        Bragi OS
        
    
        Bragi Turnkey App Solution
        
    
        Feature Catalogue
        
    
        Solutions Ecosystem
        
    
        Company
        
            
        About Bragi
        
    
        Meet the Team
        
    
        Careers
        
    
Bragi & Skullcandy
Affordable headphones outperforming the giants
Launch a high-tech audio product and compete at any price point.
Let's talk
Klipsch T5 ANC
Premium brands choose BOS
Gesture Control, customizable interfaces and improved stability to go with Klipsch's superior sound quality.
Show me how
Bragi Enabled
Rock-solid, high-quality & frictionless
The platform that enables your audio products.
Show me how
SCROLL DOWN
Experience platform for Audio products
Accompanied by a User friendly app and continuously upgrading features.
Full control with your beautiful voice.“Giving our fans the freedom to enjoy their content, control their earbuds and enable communications, all without taking off their gloves or letting go of the handlebars is an exciting advancement for our brand.”Jason Hodell, CEO at Skullcandy"There's always one song on the playlist that I don't like, and now I can skip it shaking my head".Paul, 35. Uses Bragi Head Moves.Bragi Customizable UI and Shortcuts enable you to interact with your headphones as you want.Shortcuts to start the apps you use most (Spotify One-Touch, Audioburst).Customizable UI to map your headphones' buttons to any action.Selfie Button: Take pictures remotely on any camera app with a single press on your earbud.Fast Mute: Quickly mute/unmute yourself on calls with a press on your earbud.UI means User Interface.Headphones that adapt to your lifestyle with the apps you love.“I want the same pair of headphones for sports and work. Bragi enables me to start Spotify for my workouts or get the news on AudioBurst while I'm on my way to work."Sarah, 32#BragiEnabled #HandsFree
BragiEnabled
BOS & Bragi App provide everything you need to make an out-of-the-box audio product and quickly release it to the market. 
Meet the BOSOne platform to save money on your complete range of products.Bragi AppOngoing profits with your products in the fieldBOS stability is guaranteed through ongoing tests and improvements based on Bragi Analytics.Modular and configurable. Works on all your products, from earbuds to speakers.New apps and services are continually added, extending the products' lifecycle.Increase customer satisfaction: Voice and gestures control configuration tailored to your target groups.Monetize software upgrades & new apps on products already sold.No effort. A ready-to-go companion app or mSDK for Android and iOS matched to your brand style.Know your customers and how they use your products with Bragi Analytics.SHOW ME HOWREDUCE RISKS & MAXIMIZE PROFITSBragi 5: True wireless experience platformHolistic software solutions for headphones and speakers helping you stand out from a crowd of basic audio products. Our software gives you an edge over the competition by equipping your product with an excellent user experience and fully customizable voice control interface. Take control of the Bragi white label app fully skinned to your Brand's visual identity. Capable of supporting various audio experiences, customisations  directly connected to our development stream.Bragi Turnkey App SolutionRUNNING ON LEADING CHIPSETS LIKEAiroha 1565/1568/1562 and WuQi 7033New Features ContinuouslyThe Bragi Platform provides you an ever-expanding catalog of killer audio features, 3rd party service integrations, and user experience enhancements for your users. add your own features
Feature CatalogThe Bragi Platform provides you an ever-expanding catalog of killer audio features, 3rd party service integrations, and user experience enhancements for your users. add your own features.
Bragi Powered Chipsets
Airoha
AB1562 [E/AE/M]
WuQi
WQ7033 [AX]
Bragi Powered Chipsets
WuQi
WQ7033 [AX]Airoha
AB1562 [E/AE/M]Turnkey solutionsREADY TO LAUNCH1Select a reference form factor from our catalogue and brand it.2Configure our reference  product using Bragi True Wireless Software solutions3Brand the Bragi White label app4Launch and sell.LET'S TALKReady to build and launch your headphones?
Bragi sets the stage, you set the price point.
''Together with Bragi we will dramatically change the functionalities and capabilities of hearables and audio products, and deliver completed products to our customers''JASON HODELLCEO at SKULLCANDY"With Bragi team we were able to pair our acoustics know-how and leave the embedded engineering task to the professionals. We were able to instantly inject a capable platform with innovative technology and pioneer app-enabled features. Bragi OS created a pathway for our tech-growth and adapting our earphones to modern times."VLAD GRODZINSKIYSr. Product Manager''Together with Bragi we will dramatically change the functionalities and capabilities of hearables and audio products, and deliver completed products to our customers''JASON HODELLCEO at SKULLCANDY"With Bragi team we were able to pair our acoustics know-how and leave the embedded engineering task to the professionals. We were able to instantly inject a capable platform with innovative technology and pioneer app-enabled features. Bragi OS created a pathway for our tech-growth and adapting our earphones to modern times."VLAD GRODZINSKIYSr. Product Manager
ENABLE ME!
Upgrade your products, become a partner, or get the full package
© Bragi 2021. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Notice
Contact
Contact us
Company
About Bragi
Careers
Meet the Team
Press
Follow us
    facebook-mono           twitter-mono             linkedin-mono         Bragi is an award-winning technology company based in Munich. Leading innovation in Hearable and body worn computing. Enable you.
logoBragi Platform
Bragi OS
Bragi Turnkey App Solution
Feature catalogue