Brandenburg Labs – Deep Dive Audio
Skip to content
 
Home
Products & Services
About Us
Projects
Jobs
News
Contact
 
 Menu
Home
Products & Services
About Us
Projects
Jobs
News
Contact
 
 Search
 Close this search box.
 
Welcome to Brandenburg Labs 
Shaping the future of audio technology 
At Brandenburg Labs, we strive to create cutting-edge audio technology that is inspired by how we listen to the world. We make immersive audio for headphones as intuitive as real life, enabling everyone to dive deep into any soundscape.Therefore, we have developed the perfect lifelike audio experience over headphones. Our technology simulates how sound propagates in the real world, making it indistinguishable from reality. Together with our partners, we are working towards achieving a perfect auditory illusion, especially via headphones.Our company relies on a substantial network and extensive knowledge in the fields of basic and applied research, also based on the expertise of our founder, Prof. Dr.-Ing. Karlheinz Brandenburg, best known as co-inventor of mp3.As a spin-off company of the Technische Universität Ilmenau and the Fraunhofer Institute for Digital Media Technology, Brandenburg Labs can draw on many years of research in the audio field at these institutions. 
 
Learn more
Where to meet us next 
We are continuously updating our event schedule here, more events for 2023 soon to be announced. 
May 13th - 15th 2023: AES Europe 2023, Espoo, Helsinki, Finland
We are Silver Partner of the AES Europe 2023, 154th Audio Engineering Convention, which takes place in Aalto University, Espoo, near Helsinki, Finland on May 13 – 15, 2023. Experience the latest version of our stunning immersive audio demo at our stand. Join the event also to be part of “the leading program of professional audio workshops, papers and special events, with the world’s top manufacturers and innovators.” (Audio Engineering Society 2023)Learn more about AES Europe
June 10th 2023: Award Ceremony of Eduard Rhein Stiftung, München, Germany
We are honored to be part of the festive program of this year’s awarding ceremony for 2020 and 2022, presenting our immersive audio demo during the brake at 4PM.Learn more about the award ceremony of Eduard Rhein Stiftung
July 1st 2023: Ilmenauer Wissenschaftsnacht, Ilmenau, Germany
We will be part of the Ilmenau Science Night, happening in July 1st, 2023 – a unique mix of science, technology and culture. More than 200 program points make science tangible from the city center to the university campus and beyond. They strengthen the close bond between the Ilm district, the city of Ilmenau and the Technical University, which ensures strong synergies between business and technology and provides important impulses for the region and for securing skilled workers.Learn more about Ilmenau Science Night
November 8th - 11th 2023: Tonmeisertagung 2023, Düsseldorf, Germany
We will be exhibiting again at Tonmeistertagung. “Meet sound engineers, producers, artists, manufacturers, suppliers, developers and scientists from 8 to 11 November 2023 at the 32. Tonmeistertagung – Europe’s leading conference and exhibition event for audio professionals.” (Bildungswerk des VDT GmbH  / Verband Deutscher Tonmeister e. V. 2023)Learn more about Tonmeistertagung
Our partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous
 Next
Current joint projects co-funded by 
 
 
 Previous
 Next
 
Brandenburg Labs GmbH is a subsidiary company of the Brandenburg Ventures GmbH. Brandenburg Ventures is an early-stage oriented management and venture capital company, also founded by Prof. Dr.-Ing. Karlheinz Brandenburg. It actively helps innovative Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) centric companies with early-stage funding and with its global network within the digital media ecosystem. To learn more about the current portfolio, the investment process & criteria and the added value of Brandenburg Ventures as investor or supporter for your start-up, please feel free to contact us: www.brandenburg-ventures.com 
Data Protection 
Impressum
GET IN TOUCH 
Please feel free to contact us with your ideas, visions or business requests. We are always looking forward to expand our international network. 
Envelope
 
Linkedin
 
Xing
 
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Tiktok
 
© 2023 / Brandenburg Labs GmbH 