CI HUB - One Workflow, One Connection, One Solution
Events
Careers
Support
Contact
        
        Get started
        
    
Problem
For Creative Minds
For Productive People
For Decision Makers
Solution
Applications
Adobe Creative Cloud
Google Workspace
Microsoft 365
Others
All Applications
Work Management with CI HUB
Integrations
DAM
Cloud Filehosting
Stock Provider
Automation
Rights-Management
PIM
Custom DAM Adapter
Pricing
Resources
Tutorial
Download User Guide
Blog
Whitepaper
Release Notes
It just works 
        
        Start your 30-day Free Trial
        
    
        
        Find a reseller
        
    
Events
Careers
Support
Contact
        
        Start your 30-day Free Trial
        
    
        
        Find a reseller
        
    
Solution
Applications
 
Adobe Creative Cloud
 
InDesign
Photoshop
Illustrator
Premiere Pro
After Effects
InCopy
 
Google Workspace
 
Slides
Docs
Sheets
 
Microsoft 365
 
PowerPoint PRO
PowerPoint
Word
Excel
Outlook
SharePoint
 
Others
 
Figma
Sketch
WordPress
Asana
Workfront
All Applications
Work Management with CI HUB
            We help 
            
Designers
Project Managers
CEOs
Storytellers
Data Analysts
Board Members
Webdesigners
Sales Managers 
Consultants
Photographers
Engineers
General Managers
Content Creators
Accountants
Illustrators
access data
						from
						
						in
						
CI HUB. One simple access to all your production tools and more.
              Try CI HUB 30 days for free
            
              Adobe AEM Assets Early Access
            
Automate your Data AssetManagementwith just one solution.
Any Asset... 
The CI HUB Connector is compatible with a full spectrum of asset types, including: images, videos, layout files, metatexts, and more.
From any Location... 
With connection to 60+ leading systems, CI HUB centralizes all of your assets into one data pool that can be accessed within any supported application.
Applied in any way...
CI HUB supports every popular application for content creation or productive development. In addition to Adobe Creative Cloud, Microsoft 365, and Google Workspace, we also support work management platforms, content management systems, and web development tools like Figma and Sketch.
Enhance your Workflow
A bold new solution engineered for Creators, Tech Support Specialists, and Decision Makers
CI HUB is going to enhance your creativity
              Try CI HUB 30 days for free
            
Already
15Applications
supported
More than
60Integrations
listed
Up to
40percent
time Saving
Managing many files from many sources shouldn't slow down your productivity
In work (and especially knowledge work), to increase the time you spend in a state of depth is to leverage the complex machinery of the human brain in a way that for several different neurological reasons maximizes the meaning and satisfaction you’ll associate with your working life.
Cal Newport, Author of "Deep Work"
CI HUB Academy
A free learning platform to provide you with a basic understanding of the Connector, along with useful tips & tricks.
Where to find CI HUB
How to install CI HUB
How to navigate the CI HUB Connector – Part 1
            Learn more
          
CI HUB Events
We regularly organize exciting events, such as the Sales club dinner, to keep in touch with our users and partners. 
Join the Angel Camp Berlin and meet Andreas Michalski on stage!
Recording of the HSE Webinar "Wowing Your Audience with a Perfectly Integrated Content Supply Chain"
Adobe Summit and exclusive Sales Club Lunch in Las Vegas
            Join the Events
          
CI HUB Blog
CI HUB news, blog posts, webinars and connector releases -here you will get to know all the latest news and much more.
Join the Angel Camp Berlin and meet Andreas Michalski on stage!
Recording of the HSE Webinar "Wowing Your Audience with a Perfectly Integrated Content Supply Chain"
Adobe Summit and exclusive Sales Club Lunch in Las Vegas
              Go to the Blog
            
 Connect all of your Favorite Applications  
The CI HUB Connector makes all of your content accessible within several leading applications. Our integration platform supports Microsoft 365, Google Workspace, Adobe Creative Cloud, WordPress, work management tools, and more! Now you can access content from Adobe Photoshop in Microsoft PowerPoint or tasks from Asana in Wordpress.
                Learn more 
              
 Reduce your Workload by up to 40% 
Significantly reduce the workload by automating your data asset management with the CI HUB Connector. Now, with our simple solution, you and your team can trade time loss for improved productivity and an enhanced creative workflow.
                Learn more 
              
You'll love CI HUBUnleash your full potential - it's the CI HUB Guarantee
            Creatives
          
            Productive people
          
            Decision Makers
          
"Definitely helps to maximize my productivity."
CHED CARYLL ESCOBAR
"I can directly place the needed product pictures and their metadata information into my catalog file. When a colleague is following up on my work he or she can directly access the latest version of the catalog document via the CI HUB panel and start working immediately when there are updates on the product shots."
MELANIE SCHEDL, Product Manager Marketplace CELUM GmbH
"CI HUBs Connector provides the ability to place images as well as text fragments from Aprimo into a number of Microsoft and Adobe products. Their connector has very rich functionality, including maintaining links, allowing search, finding similar images, tracking digital rights through Fadel, and many more."
ELI LOGAN, Global SI Partner Manager Aprimo
Leading international Brands trust CI HUB.And we keep adding more
  
  
  
Take action today with a 30-day Free Trial to test the CI HUB Connector and discover what new heights you can reach!
We don't just say it - we make it happen.
                            Start your 30-day Free Trial
                        
                            Find a Reseller
                        
Supported ApplicationsWith more being added
CI HUB Applications
Looking to simplify your digital asset management? Look no further than CI HUB Applications! With seamless integration into popular creative software, this platform offers a one-stop-shop for all your digital asset needs. Say goodbye to juggling multiple logins and platforms and hello to a more streamlined and efficient workflow.
              Learn more
            
CI HUB Integrations
Unlock the full potential of your digital assets with CI HUB Integrations! Our platform seamlessly connects to a variety of digital asset management systems, enabling you to access your assets from your favorite creative applications. Say goodbye to tedious, time-consuming asset management and hello to a more efficient, streamlined workflow.
              Learn more
            
Supported ApplicationsThey're getting more and more
Company
About Us
Jobs
Press
Newsletter
Solutions
Applications
Integrations
Support
Problem
For creative minds
For productive people
For decision makers
Network
Sales Club
Reseller
Become a Reseller
Blog
Join the Angel Camp ...
Recording of the HSE ...
Adobe Summit and ...
  
  
  
Funding Through
Adobe Exchange Partner
Adobe approved Developer Software
Imprint
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Copyright © 2023 CI HUB GmbH. All rights reserved.
Cookie Settings