Cluetivity | The Real World Gaming Platform
Games
Outdoor Games
Blackout
Operation Mindfall
Magic Portal
Mobile Games
Operation Mindfall (Indoor)
Features
License
JOIN NOW
 
Select Page
  
 
 
Digital Escape Games
for Escape Rooms for Team Events for Leisure for Companies for Gamification for Education
Expand Your Business with Outdoor, Indoor and Mobile Escape Games.
Watch Trailer
Q
35+
Countries
200+
Locations
1,000,000
Players
Blackout
Our brand new Interactive Game Experience for Teams.
Learn More
Operation Mindfall
The Famous Outdoor and Mobile Spy Escape Game.
Read More
Magic Portal
A Fantastic Outdoor Adventure for Families, Kids and Friends.
Read More
Add Value to Your Business
Cluetivity is a great addition for many businesses such as leisure, tourism, events, entertainment, education and many more. Our games and software will enable you to grow your business to the next level.
5
Ready to Play Games: Setup and customize our games within a couple of hours to your location and needs.
5
Augmented Reality: Use pre-defined AR-objects and avatars and make your experiences even more immersive.
5
Flexible and Scalable: Customize games for any use case, either for small groups or for corporate events with 2,000+ participants.
5
Low Operating Costs: No additional staff needed to host Cluetivity games due to the in-app-help function.
5
Support: We’re always available for our partners via phone, whatsapp, email or our online help-center with tutorial videos.
    
Use The Power of AR
All Cluetivity Games are equipped with high quality Augmented Reality Riddles. Let your players interact with Virtual Avatars, Treasure Chests and other objects which appear in the real world. Customize the riddles to your location and create an unforgettable experience.
Learn More
Customize Your Games
With our software you can create your own scenarios and customize your games for nearly any occassion and location. Create fun puzzles, upload images and videos, use mini-games, augmented reality interactions and many more features to engage your clients.
Learn More
Reach New Target Groups
Cluetivity combines the best elements of escape rooms, scavenger hunts and geocaching. Whether it be team building with outdoor escape games, indoor team events with mobile escape games, or virtual treasure hunts for children’s birthdays, family outings and stag parties – our games fit every occasion. Complemented by fascinating augmented reality technology and thrilling riddles, your customers will be sure to experience unique, interactive events.
Use the opportunity to be the first to bring this revolutionary experience to your location.
Start Now
Your Benefits as a Partner
Proof of Concept
More than 200 entrepreneurs already use Cluetivity successfully to expand their business and increase their sales.
Flat Rate License
Unlimited game events inclusive! One yearly licensing fee with flexible payment options. No additional licensing costs.
Area Protection
Only 1 license partner per city (for outdoor games and small and medium cities). Become a market leader in your location!
Trusted by Partners Around The Globe
Richard Toquet CBR Team Building, France Cluetivity offers the best GPS and augmented reality games for teambuilding events. Our customers are absolutely thrilled, and we were able to increase our revenue in a very short time. Absolutely Amazing! 
Markus Bracklow Dresden Secrets, Germany Great team, great products: We have been partners of Cluetivity for many years and are very satisfied with the cooperation! We use the games in B2C as well as in B2B. Cluetivity has helped us a lot to grow and win new customers. 
Danièle Ronck 216K Escape Room, Luxembourg Cluetivity’s games are just great. Thanks to the endless possibilities, they can be adapted for every occasion and location. They are a great experience for groups of friends, family outings, stag parties as well as for team events and class trips! I highly recommend it! 
Marco Kiefer Exitgames Karlsruhe, Germany We have been working with Cluetivity for several years now. The outdoor games are really action-packed, and if you have any questions or suggestions, a Cluetivity employee is always available. Thanks a lot for the great cooperation! 
Uli Billon EPOCA Kulturerlebnisse, Germany Cluetivity is a great product! We broke even in a very short time. Now we have additional revenue. Beyond that the Cluetivity team provides excellent support, listens to our feedback and continually works to improve the product. We are very excited to be part of that! 
Nikolina Petric PEC, Croatia  Great games, great service and even better partners! As we are just starting to cooperate we are very happy because everybody from Cluetivity is ready to help and more than that. Please continue to be the best as you already are! 
Ivan Städler MountainGames - AdventureRooms Davos, Switzerland Great partner for outdoor and indoor teamgames! Operation Mindfall and The Magic Portal amaze our customers every single time and we too still get goosebumps while watching the intro video without guests. So gripping! Special agent feeling at its best. Support of their great staff is guaranteed and the annual meetings are a blast! 
Heike Bodemann-Schenk Lukullus-Tours, Germany Joy of play, excitement, team spirit: State-of-the-art technology combined with puzzle fun - anywhere in the city if desired. That is Cluetivity. As a partner you get full support for every request. Perfect! 
Shay Reynolds The AR Adventure, USA We offer indoor and outdoor escape games from Cluetivity and were able to increase our revenue significantly. 
Mikael Avequin Michigan [AR] Scavenger Hunt, USA Amazing scavenger hunts enhanced with incredible augmented reality and geolocation! Top quality games and absolutely unique experience! The possibilities for customization are almost limitless. The customer service is fast, knowledgeable and super nice. It is almost like working with friends! 
Secure Your License
Reviews from our partners
                         Google Rating                        5.0Based on 35 reviews                                    Cluetivity        5.0×MLC Aventuras (mlc A.Un  gran equipo con productos muy buenos tanto para el cliente como para el operador. Grandes posibilidades de configuración y en continua evolución. Uno de los mejores productos que tenemosHeiko M.Mit Cluetivity erlebt man die coolsten und angesagtesten Outdoor Escape Games auf höchstem Level. Qualitativ extrem gut!Oliver D.Dopo aver provato varie piattaforme per i giochi outdoor, abbiamo scelto di collaborare con Cluetivity per offrire nuove esperienze outdoor ai nostri clienti.Siamo completamente soddisfati della grande qualità dei giochi e sopratutto la grande professionalità del team Cluetivity.I nostri clienti si divertono e vivono esperienze straordinarie.Una grande idea di giochi, con realtà aumentata e enigmi divertenti!Siamo lieti di averli come partner commerciali.See all reviewsWrite a review                        Facebook Rating                        5.0Based on 28 reviews                                    Cluetivity        5.0×Stuart B.El diseño, los retos y la versatilidad de cada una de las experiencias es simplemente increíble... En Transforma nos ha ayudado mucho a rediseñar nuestra forma de hacer las cosas y a diseñar una nueva forma de desarrollar eventos organizacionales enfocados en Seguridad y Salud Laboral... Gracias!!!Oliver D.Dopo aver provato varie piattaforme per i giochi outdoor, abbiamo scelto di collaborare con Cluetivity per offrire nuove esperienze outdoor ai nostri clienti.Siamo completamente soddisfatti della grande qualità dei giochi e soprattutto la grande professionalità del team Cluetivity.I nostri clienti si divertono e vivono esperienze straordinarie.Una grande idea di giochi, con realtà aumentata e enigmi divertenti!See all reviewsWrite a reviewpowered by Facebook 
Become a Cluetivity Partner
Take your business to the next level. Contact us now, get a free Demoset and experience the games and possibilities by yourself.
Start Now!
 
Company
Contact Us
About
Careers
Shop
Blog
System Status
Imprint | Privacy Policy
CONTACT SALES
US: +1 929 203 5435
UK: +44 20 4586 8240
DE: +49 30 9173 9269
CH: +41 43 5080 335
FR: +33 1 8971 1087
IT: +39 02 9475 3266
ES: +34 919 0143 92
STAY IN TOUCH
                         Google Rating                        5.0                                    Cluetivity        5.0×Un  gran equipo con productos muy buenos tanto para el cliente como para el operador. Grandes posibilidades de configuración y en continua evolución. Uno de los mejores productos que tenemosMit Cluetivity erlebt man die coolsten und angesagtesten Outdoor Escape Games auf höchstem Level. Qualitativ extrem gut!Dopo aver provato varie piattaforme per i giochi outdoor, abbiamo scelto di collaborare con Cluetivity per offrire nuove esperienze outdoor ai nostri clienti.Siamo completamente soddisfati della grande qualità dei giochi e sopratutto la grande professionalità del team Cluetivity.I nostri clienti si divertono e vivono esperienze straordinarie.Una grande idea di giochi, con realtà aumentata e enigmi divertenti!Siamo lieti di averli come partner commerciali.The Pegasus game was really fun to play! It felt for real after seeing the intro video and playing the game! Great combined game from Cluetivity!Excellent Escape game réalisé en ligne de chez moi et aussi dans les rues de la ville avec ma tablette et le kit 🙂 chouette aventure et top à réaliser avec les potes et amis. A recommander vivementSee all reviewsWrite a review 
                         Facebook Rating                        5.0                                    Cluetivity        5.0×Stuart B.El diseño, los retos y la versatilidad de cada una de las experiencias es simplemente increíble... En Transforma nos ha ayudado mucho a rediseñar nuestra forma de hacer las cosas y a diseñar una nueva forma de desarrollar eventos organizacionales enfocados en Seguridad y Salud Laboral... Gracias!!!Oliver D.Dopo aver provato varie piattaforme per i giochi outdoor, abbiamo scelto di collaborare con Cluetivity per offrire nuove esperienze outdoor ai nostri clienti.Siamo completamente soddisfatti della grande qualità dei giochi e soprattutto la grande professionalità del team Cluetivity.I nostri clienti si divertono e vivono esperienze straordinarie.Una grande idea di giochi, con realtà aumentata e enigmi divertenti!Nicoleta N.I highly recommend the games created by Cluetivity. With Operation Mindfall Remote, teams weave their creativity.Players will enter a world full of mysteries to save the world! The game is full of exciting riddles and a lot of mystery.Adrien R.top activité, à faire sans hésiter en famille ou avec des amis, des expériences de jeu sympa et les énigmes sont ni trop dures ni trop simples. autant à faire de chez soi en ligne ou en outdoor avec l'opération Mindfall 👌James T.Great company to partner with.  Top class product in the world of AR and GPS gaming and consistently evolving.  A pleasure to work with.See all reviewsWrite a reviewpowered by Facebook 
©2023 Life Action Games GmbH – All rights reserved.
FollowFollowFollowFollowFollow
 