Computomics - machine learning-based data analysis
 
Skip navigation
 Services
Innovative Plant Breeding Metagenomics Bioinformatics Services   Success Stories News & Media Events Company  
 
Contact us
info@computomics.com
+49 7071 568 3995
Technology for Growth
Unlocking the diversity of biological life to accelerate sustainable development.
Population increase and climate change are among the biggest challenges of our time. Global agriculture production will need to increase by 60 percent in the next 30 years. At the same time, plant breeders are confronted with a changing environment - floods, draughts, pesticide resistance, pathogens. How can breeding programs accelerate and deliver crops for changing climate conditions?
Let our machine learning technology xSeedScore provide the answers you require. As a team, let us accelerate your breeding style. Let us advance your pipeline in the most efficient manner. Reach commercial production goals you never imagined possible.
Computomics provides deep insights and accurate performance predictions based on our groundbreaking machine learning technology and the unique expertise of our data scientists. With comprehensive knowledge and experience in plant breeding, metagenomics, cutting-edge bioinformatics and visualization tools, we offer a full service partnership to help you navigate your most complex problems - faster and more efficiently.
Innovative Plant Breeding
Reliable performance prediction based on next-gen proprietary machine learning.
Metagenomics
Insightful and interpretable investigation of the genetic repertoire of complex microbiomes.
Bioinformatics Services
Detailed insights derived from genome assembly, genome annotation, transcriptomics, and epigenomics analysis.
 Where to meet us
see all events
Meet Computomics at The Innovation Forum - The Future Of Food
03.05.2023–04.05.2023
Register
Details
Add to calendar
Computomics is giving a talk at the Microbiome, Probiotics & Skin Microbiome Congress
23.05.2023–24.05.2023
Register
Details
Add to calendar
Meet Computomics at the ISF World Seed Congress in Cape Town, South Africa
05.06.2023–07.06.2023
Register
Details
Add to calendar
 News & Media
view all
Podcast Season 4 Episode 8: URUPOV, SAA and the South American Seed Market
April 20, 2023
Computomics proud to be part of nanodiag BW - nanopore technology for the molecular diagnostics of the future
April 19, 2023
Cathy Westhues one of the 20 Most Inspiring Gen Z Employees In The EU Seed Sector
April 17, 2023
 
Hear from our Clients
Allen Van Deynze, Director of Research, Seed Biotechnology Center and Associate Director, Plant Breeding Center University of California, Davis
Computomics annotated a complex coffee genome for us in about 6 weeks allowing for a timely release. Their staff was highly interactive resulting in a high quality annotation.
G. Keith Rufener II, Becks Superior Hybrids
I am absolutely pleased with the service, communication, speed, and the quality of the results. I look forward to working together in the future.
Contact us
+49 7071 568 3995info@computomics.com
Computomics GmbHEisenbahnstr. 172072 TübingenGermany
Services
Predictive Plant Breeding
Metagenomics
Bioinformatics Services
Success Stories
News & Media
Events
Company
Follow us on
Copyright © 2023 Computomics · Impressum (Legal) · Privacy Policy