Contavio
Contavio | Software for IFRS 16, ASC 842, IFRS 15
Home
Features
												Features
											
												IFRS 16 Leasing
											
												IFRS 15 Revenue Recognition
											
Info
																								IFRS 16 Leases Calculation Template
											
																								IFRS 16 Leases Disclosures Template
											
																								ASC 842 Leases Calculation Template
											
Company
																								FISA - short for Financial Software Architects - is the company behind Contavio and Envoria.
											
																								Contavio is a financial contract management and reporting software.
											
																								Envoria is a versatile and dynamic solution for sustainability reporting.
											
											Careers
										
											About the Company
										
Insights
EN-GB
DE
Request Demo
menu
The Holistic Solution for Contract Management, Leasing and Revenue Recognition
Achieve efficiency & compliance with IFRS 15, IFRS 16 and other standards.
Request Demo
All the features you need
Contavio provides you with a holistic solution for all relevant areas of sustainability reporting – regardless of your country or industry.
Browse all features
Management Dashboards & Task Overviews
Allowing you to stay on top of all important figures at a glance.
Process-Driven Contract Management
Streamlined and efficient, allowing you to focus on your business.
Comprehensive Reporting
Covering every relevant reporting aspect in one application.
Automate Your Processes With Ease
Increased efficiency through smart automation features.
Super fast & Intuitively Simple
Saving you time and energy through our interface and the architecture behind it.
Audit-Proof Ensurability
With us you are always compliant with all relevant audit requirements.
I need to introduce a new process for IFRS 15 & 16
Contavio covers all areas of IFRS 15 & 16 and several other accounting standards. It is possible to perform individual local Gaap postings. Use Contavio as contract management system or as a calculation tool.
Request a demo
I want to make my existing process more efficient
The modular approach of Contavio allows you to digitalise the parts of the processes you need most. Gather all your contracts at one place or replace your spreadsheets with automated calculations.
Request a demo
What can Contavio do for you?
Master all areas of IFRS 15 & 16
Data preparation
Classification
Postings
Modifications
Efficient and secure workflow
Real-time analytics
Process-based input
Audit-proof system
Comprehensive postings
Fast integration and intuitive usability
Easy and fast transition from current systems
Flexible process integration
User-friendly structure and interface
Continuous support
End-to-end solution
Insert manually, via file upload or automated
Keep track and control over contracts
Management reporting and audit reports
Forecast functionalities
Trusted by
Get your own impression
 Book a live demo
Book a free live presentation of our software with our team. We are happy to answer all of your questions and see if it fits to your organization.
 Get a free trial
Get a 14-day trial. The trial expires automatically, unless you explicitly want to continue using the software. We will check your request usually within 24 hours and send you the credentials directly afterward.
 Send us a message
Just send us a message. We will come back to you as fast as possible according to your request.
 Back
Contact us
Friedenheimer Brücke 20, 80639 Munich, Germany
Phone: +49 89 9974 0901 0
						  Email: info@contavio.com
View Map
Quick Links
Contavio Features
Info & Templates
Contavio for IFRS 16
Contavio for IFRS 15
Our Company
100%
Our cloud servers and this website are 100% powered from renewable energy sources.
© Financial Software Architects GmbH 2018 - 2022   |   All Rights Reserved
Legal Notice & Data Privacy