Cotravel – the travel design thing
Zum Inhalt springen
 
Cotravel
the travel design thing
    Menü	
Startseite
Welcome!
What We Do
Blog
Waiting List
  Zum Inhalt nach unten scrollen
Welcome!
When it comes to travel planning (or trip design), everybody is made of different travel personas, depending on the kind of trip you’re taking.You might be planning your around-the-world trip, a trip with the family, a business trip to a new destination, participating in a conference or training, being on a project where you take the same trip over and over again. You might be an expat that coordinates the annual home leave trip and coordinating meeting up with friends and family at home and maybe planning to take a trip together with them.You might be living the digital nomad lifestyle and want to share best practices in the community or meeting up with friends that come visit and you take a trip together.You might be talking about taking a weekend trip with a group of friends, for example to go skiing or surfing. Depending on what kind of trip you’re designing, you might want to share the planning responsibilities between different cotravelers, but you also want to see easily what the status is. 
 
What We Do
Collaborative 
Are you traveling in a group and tired of losing track of who is doing what and when – and what the status is?
Complex Routings
Are you not traveling simply from A to B and back? Do you maybe add side-trips at later stages of your planning?
Meeting people en-route
Are you meeting your cotravelers somewhere and want to synchronize your arrival at and departure from your meeting point?
High-Level Destinations
Are your travel plans not on a „City“ Level (yet)?
Fixed and Tentative Dates
Do you want maximum flexibility and a low level of commitment for some parts of your trip, but e.g. visiting somebody and need to fix some portions of your trip early?
Get Inspired
Enjoy meeting people and talk about traveling, but losing track of all the tips, do’s and don’ts you got?
Be Inspiring
Want to let others participate in what you liked, disliked or hated?
Customized Tags
So many reasons for travel – business, project, weekend trip with family, week with friends… Put a label on it
Keep friends up to date
Want to collaborate only on parts of your trip? Or do you want to keep your friends up to date only on the joint trip, but your partner for all trips?
List View
List view is the logical place to start adding, modifying and editing your trips and trip details
Map View
Seeing tips and hints that you have received, visualize your trip or parts of your trip as a route on the map, pin locations that you like or regions you want to explore
Gantt View
See your travels as kind of a project – and easily identify where you might run into conflicts when using flexible and fixed dates
Filter
Only view the content that you need right now
Icon Credits:  Credits
 
Ein Homepage-Abschnitt
Hier ist als Beispiel ein Abschnitt deiner Homepage. Ein Homepage-Abschnitt kann jede Seite sein; ausgenommen die Homepage selbst, aber einschließlich der Seite, die deine neuen Blog-Beiträge zeigt.
 
Blog
Veröffentlicht am 9. Januar 2022 
Keeping your Social Bubbles updated 
 
Veröffentlicht am 9. Januar 2022 
From A to B to Y 
 
Veröffentlicht am 9. Januar 20229. Januar 2022 
Eine kleine Tour durch Tasmanien 
 
Curious?
If you’re curious, please sign up for our waiting list
Waiting List
* indicates required
Email Address  *
 
 
Über diese Website Hier wäre ein guter Platz, um dich und deine Website vorzustellen oder weitere Informationen anzugeben.
Suche
Suche nach:
  Suchen
 
Pinterest  
Facebook  
Twitter  
Instagram  
E-Mail  
Impressum  
 
Datenschutzerklärung 
		Stolz präsentiert von WordPress	
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent
Schließen
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
immer aktiv
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDauerBeschreibungcookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 
								Functional							
Functional
									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								
								Performance							
Performance
									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								
								Analytics							
Analytics
									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								
								Advertisement							
Advertisement
									Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								
								Others							
Others
									Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								
SPEICHERN & AKZEPTIEREN
Unterstützt von 