 
deviceTRUST - Story
Skip to content
StoryProduct
Discover Our Product
deviceTRUST adds an additional level of security to your Zero Trust strategy. Rich context information and multiple actions via a central management interface across all deployment methods.
 
Features
Everything you need for Zero Trust
Context
Context always up to date
Actions
Actions in real time
Templates
Wide range of easy-to-use templates
Licensing
Modern and compelling licensing model
 
Architecture
deviceTRUST Components
Console
Graphical management interface for easy administration
Agent
Active component within the digital workspace
Client Extension
Management-free client component for context determination
Compatibility
Supports a wide range of digital workplace technologies and vendors
 
Deployment Scenarios
Cross platform
Local
Physical devices
Remote
Multi-Session, VDI
SaaS
Software as a Service
 
 
Try Now
Buy Now
 
 
Benefits
Experience Our Advantages
deviceTRUST supports you in implementing your Zero Trust strategy with numerous use cases on all established technology platforms. Find out more about real application examples and what our customers have to say.
 
Use Cases
Valuable use case for your digital workspace
Geolocation & Geofencing
Security Check
Secure and Validated Access when Working from Home
Cooperation with External Partners
 
Platforms
Strong business values with all leading technology platforms
 
What others say
Stories, experiences and opinions of our customers and partners
"The simplicity of installation and integration saved us time and was an important factor for the decision to choose deviceTRUST."
Ausgleichskasse Basel-Stadt
"deviceTRUST simply runs in the background and ensures that the right authorisations are activated and that people can work safely and stably"
DB Systel
"With deviceTRUST, we have found an optimal solution for application control ..."
Deutsche Steinzeug
"deviceTRUST ensures that our staff can work securely, even from home offices. Risks that arise through cyberattacks can be successfully minimized in this way."
KKH Kaufmännische Krankenkasse
Ausgleichskasse Basel-Stadt
DB Systel
KKH Kaufmännische Krankenkasse
 
 
Try Now
Buy Now
 
	All Use Cases
 
	All Technology Platforms
 
	All Success Stories
 
 
Resources
Take Advantage of Our Resources
Our technical documentation, support information, news, and much more, provide you with everything you need to implement and permanently optimize your Zero Trust strategy with deviceTRUST.
 
Software
Documentation
docs.devicetrust.com
Knowledge Base
kb.devicetrust.com
 
Support
for Administrators
docs.devicetrust.com/troubleshooting/
for End-Users
Frequently Asked Questions about the deviceTRUST Client Extension
 
News / Press
Latest news
Events
Upcoming physical events
Webinars
Upcoming online events and webinars
Videos
Platform for demo, how-to, use case videos and more
Featured Resources
Our campaigns on exciting and trending topics
 
 
Try Now
Buy Now
 
 
Company
Get To Know Us Better
Learn more about our team, our history and our strong alliances and partners.
 
About us
Who we are
Leadership TeamInvestorsOur Story 
Alliances
Strong partnership with the leading technology providers for the digital workspace
Reseller
Experts for consulting, implementation and selling deviceTRUST
 
Blog
Exciting posts from us and our friends
Career
Our open job offers
 
 
Try Now
Buy Now
 
 
Download
 
FAQ
Frequently Asked Questions about the deviceTRUST Client Extension
 
 
Choose you Operating System
Download of deviceTRUST Client Extension
 
 
 
Has the deviceTRUST client been renamed?
Expand
The deviceTRUST Client has been renamed and is now called deviceTRUST Client Extension.
What is the purpose of the deviceTRUST Client Extension? 
Expand
The deviceTRUST Client Extension checks whether all necessary security, compliance or regulatory requirements are met when you access your company’s digital workspace. For detailed information concerning the parameters, please contact the company that provides your digital workspace directly.
 Where do I get technical support? 
Expand
In case of technical problems, please contact the company that provides your digital workspace directly.
 
for Windows 
for macOS 
for Ubuntu 
 
All Frequently Asked Questions
 
	All downloads
 
 
StoryProduct
FeaturesLicensingArchitectureCompatibilityDeployment Scenarios
Benefits
Use Cases
Geolocation & Geofencing
Security Check
Secure and Validated Access when Working from Home
Cooperation with External Partners
All Use Cases
 
PlatformsWhat others say
Resources
Software
DocumentationKnowledge Base 
Support
for Administratorsfor End-Users 
News / PressEventsWebinarsVideosFeatured Resources
Company
About UsAlliancesResellerBlogCareer
DownloadImprintPrivacy Policy
Deutsch
 
 
 
Zero Trust Requires Device TrustContext as a FactorReal-Time Conditional AccessConclusion 
Zero Trust Requires Device Trust
Stealing users’ credentials is currently one of the most significant attack vectors. Even traditional multi-factor methods can often be copied or bypassed.
Use your devices as a security factor  and bring your conditional access to the next level!
With deviceTRUST, you add an additional layer of security to your Zero Trust Strategy.
Context as a Factor
deviceTRUST Contextual Security is the layer to protect a company's data and resources and reduces the costs associated with managing and securing digital workspaces while keeping productivity high.
Context always up-to-date
Without user interaction
Software only
WHAT IS THE CONTEXT
 
Real-Time Conditional Access
Based on your Context, deviceTRUST performs the Actions you need to protect your digital workspace
Conditional
Workspace Access
Conditional
Application Access
Conditional
Configuration
WHAT MAKES OUR REAL-TIME SPECIAL
 
Are you ready to optimize your Zero Trust Strategy?
We support you all the way, from the concept to implementation and operation.
Let´s get in touch!
TRY NOW
BUY NOW
CONTACT NOW
 
 
 
Contact - General
deviceTRUST GmbH
Hilpertstrasse 3164295 DarmstadtGermany
+49 6151 4936960 
info@devicetrust.com 
Legal and Compliance
Imprint
Privacy policy
Legals
Change cookie preferences
Contact Us
Contact Us
Book a Meeting
Subscribe to Newsletter
 
© 2023 deviceTRUST. All Rights Reserved.
 
Scroll To Top