Home - Skyroads
<!-- Linkedin Insight Base Code --!><!-- End Linkedin Insight Base Code --!>
				
Zum Inhalt wechseln
 
 
 
Story
Company
News
Press
Contact
 
 Menü
Story
Company
News
Press
Contact
 
Let's buildroads in the sky 
ONE SKY, MANY ROADS 
Urban Air Vehicles are coming, and we’re building the ‘roads’ they’ll fly on. Our air management system will enable highly automated and autonomous passenger and cargo vehicles to fly over populated urban areas. Safe, scalable and efficient, our technology will open up the skies to people, businesses and service providers across the world. First product iterations are set to go live! 
SKYROADS  FOR THE AUTOMATION OF ADVANCED AIR MOBILITY 
 Our technology will manage routes, ensure overall safety, and provide flexibility for passenger mobility and cargo transport. Like an intelligent superorganism, all kinds of drones and landing ports will be linked up into one shared system – certified for safety by aviation authorities worldwide.  
 
 
MAXIMIZE AIRSPACE POTENTIAL  
While safeguarding public interest, minimizing impact and ensuring safety. 
 
ALLOW DIVERSIFIED USE 
Scheduled, on-demand or individual flights with passenger, cargo or eVTOLs. 
 
Enable FlightAutomation 
4D vehicle command set offers air transport companies a pathway to pilotless flight. 
 
Provide SharedInfrastructure  
Lower risk, higher margins and better performance for all ecosystem partners. 
ONLY AN AUTOMATED SYSTEM ENABLES AAM TO TAKE OFF 
In our new White Paper, we focus on the benefits we can bring to the industry as it moves toward full-fledged Advanced Air Mobility (AAM). We provide insights into the importance of developing our automated airspace management and vehicle guidance system, which is the key to scalability of AAM. 
 
Download White Paper
 
THE FUTURE IS CLOSER THAN YOU THINK 
On our way to fully-blown urban air mobility, we’re supporting the evolution of the industry in a few exciting ways. ‘SKYBOT-CAM System’ is the first product iteration of our digital infrastructure in the sky being put into use. This system controls heavy camera drones that will deliver next-generation, highly-immersive broadcast imagery whilst improving the carbon footprint of sporting events, starting with Larry Ellison’s SailGP. Next up will be our non-man-carrying surveillance and cargo drones. 
 
 
 Zurück
 Weiter
BUILDING THE FUTURE, TOGETHER 
We believe partnerships are key to a sustainable future for Advanced Air Mobility, and we love to collaborate. Join us to lower your cost of automation and accelerate certification. Test your vehicles and operations in a realistic environment as our flight test area goes live in Bavaria. Spread your wings – or propellers – and soar with us. 
 
Partner with us today
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STAY IN THE LOOP AS WE PIONEER SKYROADS 
Don’t be left behind. Sign up to our newsletter for access to Skyroads’ latest Highlights and News straight to your inbox. 
 
Subscribe
By subscribing you consent to processing of your personal data in accordance with the Skyroads privacy policy to receive updates, e-mail messages and marketing messages. For further information view the Skyroads Data Protection Notice 
Let's build roadsin the sky 
Contact us
Story
Company
News
Press
Ludwigstr. 8,80539 MunichGermany 
+49 89 74502212 
mail@skyroads.com
LinkedIn
Copyright © 2022 Skyroads AG. All rights reserved. 
Imprint
Data Protection Notice