OTA Updates and Remote Management for Embedded Android
Coming soon: Secure Android tablet powered by emteria
				    Explore now 
Products
Resources
Industries
Company
Pricing
Login
            Start for free
          
Products
emteria.OS
emteria Device Hub
Solutions
Android customization
Android updates
Hardware support
EMTERIA
About us
Careers
Partners
SERVICE
Customer service
Contact us
INDUSTRIES
Manufacturing
Retail
Transport & logistic
APPLICATIONS
Digital signage
Infotainment
Vending & ticketing
DISCOVER
Blog
Newsletter
Resources
Success stories
LEARN
Knowledge base
Discussion forum
Release notes
API reference
Customize, manage and update your Android OS remotely for
DIGITAL SIGNAGE SOLUTIONS
POINT-OF-SALE SYSTEMS
KIOSK SOLUTIONS
VEHICLE TERMINALS
SMART HOME APPLICATIONS
Contact sales
Start for Free
Ensure the security and longevity of your products
Cover all steps of your product lifecycle with emteria's robust, secure and scalable solution.
                  Build continuously
                
Automatic CI/CD for your custom Android OS with every patch and updated feature.
                  Update easily
                
Android client and servers for secure Firmware Over-The-Air (OTA) updates.
                  Manage remotely
                
Remote ­access and debugging no matter where the deployed devices are located.
Extend and adapt Android to your needs
emteria develops and extends AOSP for both off-the-shelf and custom hardware platforms. emteria.OS is a managed Android ROM designed for faster prototyping, testing and deployment. It provides a unified product configuration interface for custom branding, extra vendor HALs, and simplified application management.
"With emteria, we found a partner that offers exactly what we were looking for - an Android-based operating system for our hardware."
Prof. Dr. Lars Großmann - Managing Director
  Explore emteria.OS
Keep your Android devices secure
Lasting products are built by regularly integrating the latest security patches, fixing software bugs, and rolling out improved services. With emteria's automatic CI/CD pipeline for AOSP and reliable cloud OTA infrastructure, Over-The-Air firmware updates for Android (FOTA) can be built and distributed automatically. This way, you can protect your devices from online threats and provide the best possible user experience.
"... everything was up and running in less than 3 hours ... especially setting up our update process was a breeze."
Gabriel Butcher - Head of IT
  Discover emteria OTA updates
Manage devices on one platform
Use a unified management platform for all your Android devices. The emteria Device Hub scales, manages and monitors the health status of your devices. The powerful cloud solution combines everything you need to remotely maintain your Android device fleet. This includes group configuration policies, user application management and OTA rollout schedules.
"The great thing about emteria.OS and the device management platform is that it really has everything you need as an enterprise customer."
Markus Gasser - IT Manager
  Learn more about Device Hub
Does emteria.OS work with your hardware?
The emteria.OS was built to run on both off-the-shelf hardware like the Raspberry Pi and on custom board designs based on industrial reference platforms like NXP’s i.MX8 or Rockchip's RK3399. The OS is compatible with board support packages (BSPs) provided by all major chip manufacturers. With emteria.OS you get a seamless Android experience.
  Check out supported hardware
Create a unique Android product
We are happy to offer you a comprehensive all-round service to build and maintain a secure Android OS for your product. We build customized AOSP solutions since Android version 1.6. Our experts have many years of experience writing Android HALs, low-level drivers and framework extensions to support custom board design.
  Contact us for Android OS customization
					Get started for free
				
Save your emteria.OS starter plan with all features and no time limit.
No credit card required.
					Start for free
				
							Find the right features
						
Compare plans
							Talk to our experts
						
Contact us
          News and updates from our blog
        
 Radxa ROCK 4SE: Compared with Raspberry Pi 4B and.. 
                  Radxa ROCK 4 SE is a popular single board computer (SBC) that has gained some but by far not enough attention. Haven’t heard of the board or looking i...
                
Read article
 What is Google Push Service: The Essentials 
                  Want to keep your app users engaged, so you need a way to keep them informed and up to date? This is typically done using push notifications, which se...
                
Read article
 FCM Alternatives for Your Device's Push Service 
                  Google's proprietary Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) solution poses several problems for developers who wish to implement push notifications in their a...
                
Read article
 Exploring the Radxa ROCK 3C: A comprehensive.. 
                  The Radxa ROCK 3 Model C is the newest addition to the Radxa ROCK 3 family - a powerful and versatile single board computer that will generate a lot o...
                
Read article
 Get up to speed with Android OTA firmware updates 
                  The increased use of internet-connected Android devices means that applying over-the-air (OTA) firmware updates has become more important than ever. 
                
Read article
 Streamline your devices with advanced Android.. 
                  Enterprises that use a fleet of Android devices face unique challenges in managing and securing these devices. Without proper Android fleet management...
                
Read article
 AOSP ROM: Unlock your device's full potential 
                  The sky's the limit on the types of devices that can run custom AOSP ROMs. As popularity for Android grows, more and more types of peripherals and har...
                
Read article
 Why use Android for your self checkout system 
                  Self checkout systems continue to grow in popularity. A recent article on CNN indicated that 29% of people used checkout systems in 2022, up from 23% ...
                
Read article
 Top Raspberry Pi Camera Module 3 updates 
                  Raspberry Pi announces the update of its Camera Module with long-awaited improvements. Finally, autofocus is no longer wishful thinking! Let’s take a ...
                
Read article
Company
Home
About us
Careers
Partners
Product
emteria.OS
emteria Device Hub
Android updates
Android customization
Supported hardware
Customer service
Pricing
Resources
Blog
Knowledge base
Learning center
Discussion forum
Release notes
Videos & resources
Success story
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Cookie declaration
Legal notice
Contact
info@emteria.com
+49 241 47597530
Oppenhoffallee 9-15,
52066 Aachen, Germany
Follow us
Subscribe for more information
We will notify you about important product updates. You can unsubscribe at any time. By submitting this form you expressly agree to store your email address in our database.
 2016 - 2023 emteria GmbH | All rights reserved