Screen17 – Sustainable Investing
 Skip to content
Solution
Why Screen17
About us
Career
Contact
 
Changing the face of sustainable investing for a better future
Independent. Data-driven. Transparent.
Why Screen17
Multi-vendor approach
At Screen17, we believe that sustainability should be considered in every investment strategy. Our innovative methodology combines over one million datapoints to support you with fully objective, highly granular, data-driven ESG analytics. Our approach is built upon the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations and their sustainability drivers, assisting the integration of sustainability into your investment strategy.
From risk management to SDG performance and impact
The Screen17 framework supports regulatory sustainability reporting, screening and product design.
Our mission is to make the SDGs investable and empower our clients to take their sustainableinvesting to the next level. Join us in driving positive change through data-driven decision making.
The 17 Sustainable Development Goals
The SDGs consist of 17 goals with 169 targets relating to the economic, social, and environmental dimensions of sustainable development.
These goals provide a globally accepted framework for assessing all aspects of sustainability for countries and corporates with a focus on “the 5 Ps”: People, Planet, Prosperity, Peace & Partnership.
Several SDGs address social issues such as the eradication of poverty and hunger, access to education, sanitation and health care, and the reduction of social inequalities.
Planet-related SDGs cover climate action, the protection of terrestrial and maritime ecosystems as well as clean energy and responsible production and consumption.
ESG Screen17
ESG Screen17 was founded in 2017. We produce sustainability data that measures performance and supports product design with targeted sustainability outcomes. Our data also serves to satisfy product compliance and regulatory requirements across multiple sustainability frameworks including the EU Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
More about ESG Screen17
econnext AG 
We are a member of the econnext Group, a sustainability and technology holding and our partner in advancing sustainable investing for our common future.
Let´s talk
We are looking forward to engaging with you.
Get in touch
ESG Screen17 GmbH
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37
60327 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
info@screen17.com
QuicklinksSolution
Why Screen17
About us
Career
 
Follow us
linkedin 
			© 2023 ESG Screen17 GmbH. All rights reserved. Imprint
Privacy Policy
General Security Policy