metastory · Empowering Product Owner with AI
beta
Login
Request early access
 
Empowering Product Owner with AI
Fastest tool for requirements gathering
Designed by product owner for product owner
Request early access
AI-Based Assistance
UI-Based Documentation
JIRA Integration
 
AI-Based Assistance
UI-Based Documentation
AI-Based Assistance
Let AI assist you at requirement gathering
As a product owner, gathering the requirements for a product is one of the most difficult and time-consuming tasks. All of this, combined with the expectations of timely and cost-effective delivery, presents a significant challenge. Every time you are stuck, use the collective intelligence to deliver faster.
 
 
UI-Based Documentation
Missing link between User Interface and Requirements
It can be challenging to communicate the relationship between the feature and the related user interface in project a planning or developing process. Experience a seamless transition between requirements and UI.
 
 
JIRA Integration
A Pre-Jira Tool 
Overall, Jira is a great tool for project management. It provides a number of features to help teams plan, track, and release software. The product owner needs a place to outline requirements fast, to get related recommendation, to pin those precisely on the user interface. Import your Jira Issues and quick start your project from another perspective.
Let AI asisst you
metastory makes your requirement gathering faster and smater.
 
Request early access
 
beta
© 2023 metastory. All rights reserved.
 
 
beta
×
Get early access to metastory
We will invite interested users to our closed beta very soon.
 
 Request Now 
											Unknow error!
										
											You've already registered
										
One last thing...
When should we invite you?
 
I  belong to this group...
Idea Owner / Startup / Freelancer
Product Owner / Manager
Agency Owner / Worker
Other
Invite me to...
Closed Beta
Launch
Send 
											You've already registered
										
											Request has been sent!
										
Thank you for now!
The story will go on...
 
Close
 