Financial Affiliate Marketing Network - financeAds International
 
 
 
								Login								
 
Affiliates 
Affiliates
Affiliate Programs
Sign Up
Advertiser 
Advertiser
Enquiries
Tools
Blog
About Us 
About Us
Career
English 
Español
Nederlands
Français
Italiano
											The Premium Financial Affiliate Marketing Network for Banks, Insurances and FinTech
										
											We are the largest financial affiliate marketing network in Europe and your reliable partner for successful performance marketing campaigns.
										
														For Affiliates
													
															Monetise your traffic
															
														For Advertisers
													
															Acquire new customers
															
15.000
											active affiliates
										
500
											active programs
										
15
											years worth of expertise
										
										Maximum performance, reliable tracking technology and personalised service
									
										We are the experts in performance-based online marketing and operators of the leading and award-winning financial affiliate marketing network for banks, insurance companies and FinTechs.
									
										With financeAds International, affiliates benefit from regular premium rewards, exclusive partnerships and powerful affiliate tools that add real value to any advertising space. The registration and use of financeAds International are also completely free of charge for affiliates.
									
										Cost-efficient acquisition of new customers, specialised high-reach affiliates as well as personal and holistic advice from our finance experts are just some of the advantages advertisers receive through a financeAds International partnership.
									
																We offer everything you need for a successful finance affiliate marketing campaign
															
																		Over 500 affiliate programs
																	
																		We offer almost all affiliate partner programs from the banking, insurance and FinTech sectors, including numerous exclusive partnerships.
																	
																		More than 15.000 affiliates
																	
																		Professional integration on over 10.000 financial websites and over 5.000 other websites related to general interest, deals, cashback, travel and theme related blogs, plus email & influencer marketing.
		
																	
																		Tracking and performance
																	
																		We offer you precise and GDPR-compliant tracking. With our real-time statistics, you can check on your performance at any time.
																	
																		Personal service
																	
																		For a sustainable partnership, we offer you an account manager who will provide you with holistic, fair, and focused support.
																	
																		Powerful comparison calculators
																	
																		We offer you a powerful portfolio of more than 30 comparison calculators for financial and insurance products (responsive white label).
																	
																		15 years of expertise
																	
																		With our many years of experience in the field of insurance and finance, we support you in all matters relating to your performance.
																	
										This is financeAds International
									
										Learn more about our network
									
													About us
												
												financeAds International was founded in 2006 and has grown into the largest specialised affiliate network for the financial industry. Learn more about the company.
											
													Career
												
												The financeAds International team is at the heart of our network and we are always on the lookout for new talent. Discover which positions are currently open.
											
													Tools
												
												Discover our comparison tools and integrate them on your website free of charge! 
											
    What our customers say about us
    
Khalid Zouine
Director Digital Acquisition & Business Development at American Express
"With financeAds as our trusted affiliate network we were able to increase our number of new customers and sales significantly".
Monika Hakak
Senior Affiliate Marketing Manager at eToro
"I’ve been working with financeAds International for over a year now and its incredible how the results grew over the months. It’s such a pleasure working them. They are professional , passionate and they have a huge understanding of the affiliate marketing. Thinking outside of the box combined with amazing communication and negotiation skills makes them one of the best partners you can work with".
Yannis Karagiannidis
Head of Growth at Monese 
"financeAds provides us with opportunities to improve our sales funnel in order to reach our goals efficiently".
Anish Girdhar
E-Commerce Manager at Santander Consumer Finance Benelux
"The collaboration with financeAds is one of our most reliable ones for our Dutch business. They listen to our needs, think along on growth opportunities (both in the shoes of affiliates and us as the advertiser, which is exactly what you want in an affiliate network) and finally – deliver, true to their words".
Louis Erboe Bøgsted
Performance Marketing Specialist
"FinanceAds has helped us unlock a new stream of high quality leads that we haven't been able to identify ourselves.
High conversion rate, a sustainable pricing model and a great POC in Nader makes this a great partnership".
											Affiliates
										
											Want to successfully monetise your advertising space and find a strong partner with innovative technology, unique service, top commissions, and exclusive affiliate programs?
										
										Monetise your traffic
										
											Advertiser
										
											Market your affiliate program in a targeted way and acquire new customers based on success with tracking-safe technology and a reliable partner by your side.
										
										Acquire new customers
										
								Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
							
													What is affiliate marketing?
													
Affiliate marketing is based on classic referral marketing. Advertisers (e.g., banks and insurance companies) do business with marketers, or so-called affiliates (publishers). To acquire new customers, advertisers provide their advertising material (e.g. advertising banners or text links), while affiliates integrate these into their advertising spaces (websites, social media channels, etc.). If an end customer (user) completes a (purchase) transaction via the externally integrated advertising material, they receive a corresponding commission from the advertiser for their “recommendation” (referral). financeAds International offers publishers direct access to over 500 affiliate programmes from the banking and insurance sector. Become part of our affiliate network by registering for free!
													How can I promote an affiliate program?
													
													AS soon as you have successfully registered you can access our program over view via the program search or your personal dashboard. There you can directly select the desired affiliate program and start promoting it. 
													How can I register with financeAds International?
													
													As a publisher you can register yourself or your advertising space quickly and free of charge using our application form. After successful activation, you can start directly with the promotion of more than 500 affiliate programs.
												
													How much does it cost to register with financeAds International?
													
													Registration and use of financeAds International is completely free of charge for affiliates. Following successful registration, you can access more than 500 affiliate programs from the financial and insurance sector and can start promoting them directly. As a financeAds International partner, you also get access to high-performance tools such as our financial comparison calculator.
												
 
Menu
Affiliates
Advertiser
Affiliate programs
Tools
Other Links
About Us
Career
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Contact
+49 30 76 75 977 03
international@financeads.com
							Hardenbergstrasse 32
							10623 Berlin
						
About Us
			financeAds International is the leading European affiliate network specialising in the financial sector. We help clients such as banks, insurance providers, and fintech to scale up through our network of highly relevant financial affiliates across 10 different markets.
		
 
            Copyright © 2022 financeAds International. All rights reserved.          
Cookie Consent Banner by Real Cookie Banner