FLETEC makes M&R management smarter
top of pageHOMEWHY FLETEC?PRODUCTCUSTOMERSABOUT USLOGINCONTACTMehr‎Use tab to navigate through the menu items.​The new container M&R 
analytics platformWhy FLETEC?Why FLETEC?
FLETEC makes M&R operations smarterFLETEC introduces a learning system that identifies improper and correct repairs on containers and other intermodal asset and uses this visibility to improve/automate operational control processes, resulting in lower costs while reducing workload. Industry challengesComplex challenges and systemic inefficiencies are making it difficult for the technical management to operate cost-efficiently and to meet the quality standards customers expect. Inaccuracies are considered a normal part of the business. Due to the sheer size and speed of the business, many of these inaccuracies cannot be identified and corrected. Inaccuracies eat up efficiency - cost, quality, safety and productivity are suffering.
​
To succeed, adopting new technologies and business practices are necessary to improve the collaboration between business partners.The FLETEC solution
Add on to your current system landscape - no integration effortLEARNING ALGORITHMThe FLETEC Algorithm combines industry experience with statistical methods and machine learning. From the large quantity of repair situations, the Algorithm identifies those estimates that matter and that need to be checked by technical experts.
more...
​
​ASSESSMENT
PLATFORMThe FLETEC Assessment Platform allows technical experts a very efficient evaluation of the pre and post-repair situations that were selected by the Algorithm. An optimised user experience screen collects the valuable technical expertise to enable business transparency and automation. 
more...
​
​TRANSPARENCY & AUTOMATIONFLETEC establishes a new objective foundation for data-driven discussions and process automation , eliminating blind spots and reducing subjectivity in the decision-making process.
​
Facilitating all the learnings from the assessments, FLETEC enables qualified discussions with vendors and between technical teams. In the daily operation improper and correct repairs are identified and flagged to allow process improvement and automation.
more...ProductCustomers & Partners
Jan Hauptmann, Container Management
MACS Maritime Carrier ShippingFLETEC provides actionable information to improve maintenance and repair activities on our container fleet.  Individual control of repair cost estimates and key figure analysis were not accurate enough before.
Massimo Magnifico
CEO
at ZEBOXFLETEC is an ideal fit for our Logistics Tech portfolio. We are very exited to connect them within our partners and to support their development.
Dr. Annette Wurl, 
Programm-Managerin InnoRampUp, IFB Innovationsstarter GmbHFLETEC's innovative concept has convinced us and we are excited to support a new Hamburg-based deep-tech start-up in the maritime sector.
KUNDENABOUT USThe FLETEC teamJobs
Martin Schöler
Industry expert with leading technical positions at Hamburg Süd and MaerskMartin Schöler
CEO & FounderTim Böger
COO & FounderTim Böger
Entrepreneur, start-up and data expert, founder and data expert at Gehalt.de before FLETECKlaus Schröder
CTO & FounderKlaus Schröder
Over 20 years of IT expertise in data management and cloud solutions in leading technical positionsKONTAKTCONTACTSugambrerweg 55 | 22453 Hamburg | Germany
info@fletec.io |  Tel.: +49 40 5700 2014submitThank you!Legal NoticePrivacy Policy© 2020 by FLETEC GmbHbottom of page