FORMATION - HOME PAGE FORMATION
Login
 Customer Support
EN
DE
 
HOME
PRODUCT
COMPANY
CONTACT US
REQUEST A DEMO
 
Select Page
  
 
 
Optimize Your Business Today
Kick-start your digital transformation. FORMATION is the data-powered workforce & worksite solution to improve team collaboration & optimize your processes.
Optimize your business now
Trusted by our customers and partners
Why FORMATION
Lack of information kills productivity
It’s challenging to work efficiently in today’s large and fast-moving workplaces.
If workers can’t access info it hurts your business:– More mistakes– Longer delays– Higher costs
Make key info available & actionable
Benefit from actionable data for optimal processes, deep insights, and higher efficiency.
How it works
1. Actionable Workplace
Make your workplace actionable by putting QR-codes wherever a digital process such as tracking or reporting needs to be triggered by your team.
2. Digital workflows
Scan QR-codes to start workflows or use one of many FORMATION’s digital workplace tools to eliminate paper based and other cumbersome processes.
3. Live Data Insights
Digital workflows provide you new and valuable data for insights into what is happening, where, and when.
4. Optimized Processes
Now that you have the full picture, you can improve processes, gain back time, and maximize resource utilization.
See all Workplace Tools & Scan to Interact action
Don’t just take our word for it…
'The Cyber Innovation Hub of the German federal forces uses FORMATION to organize the work environment to boost vehicle maintenance and logistical processes.'
Cyber Innovation Hub
German Federal Forces
'The location integration layer where everything comes together on the map.'
Veronika Brandt
BOSCH GmbH
'Wow! I have never seen a project that has made so much progress in such a short time.'
Lukas Gaurdermann
KAMAX holding GmbH & Co. KG
'The pilot showed us just how many areas FORMATION can help us with its solution.'
Mathias Meier
BOSCH GmbH
Benefits for your company
Get setup and start in less than 24 hours
Works on any device - also with BYOD
Worker council compliant
Give it a try
Reasons to use FORMATION
For workers
Every day is smoother with easy-to-use digital tools that increase process efficiencies as well as access to information.
For Managers
A live overview of the work environment enables better processes, faster decision-making, and easier team coordination.
 
For Companies
Bring your company into the 21st century and start your digital transformation journey. Data-driven workplaces enable optimized processes and new efficiency gains. While bringing digital tools to the work environment increases worker engagement and loyalty.
Derisked digital transformation
We can get you up and running in 24 hours. Our unique Scan to Action functionality means that you don’t need any complicated hardware setup in your workplace. Our starter package includes some free QR code stickers so you can make your workplace actionable. If for whatever reason you are not happy, you can cancel at any time during the first 3 months.
Act now: make your workplace actionable
Enable your teams to do their best work
It’s challenging to work efficiently in today’s large and fast-moving workplaces.
To allow your team to deliver their best work, FORMATION makes your workplaces‘ data available and actionable on the interactive map and provides a digital tool-kit designed to make work easier.
Experience FORMATION
 
© 2023 FORMATION GmbH
Home
Company
Contact us
Careers
Follow us:
LINKEDIN
TWITTER
Privacy Policy    Imprint
 