Digitize your vehicle history now and increase your vehicles value – The all in one app for your vehicle Increase its value and save costs!
Home
About us
The last car app you'll ever need.
Bringing car management into the 21st century.
Download on
          App Store
        
          Play Store
        
Vehicle management for the digital age
Make it count
Build a digital profile for your vehicle to make it easier to take care of.
Something to show for
Personalize your digital garage with photos and descriptions of your vehicles.
Learn more about your vehicle
Tap into data that could increase the value of your vehicle.
One platform, no more hassles
Bring it all—documents, scheduling, logistics—under one roof.
Expense Manager
Never lose track of your expenses again.
Never fall behind on maintenance again.
Set maintenance reminders and make note of important details.
Take it from our users
                    „Great to manage my fleet of ten classic cars and special vehicles. The Gapless app is a real added value for me. Keep it up!”
                  
                    Dipl.-Ing. Christoph August Hartmann
                  
                    Partner Executive at Hartmann Ingenieure GmbH
                  
                    „The Gapless App makes my vehicle management immensely easier. It gives me a perfect visual overview of my vehicles expenses and that helps me to keep a firm grip on my costs. Every category is dividable into all different expense categories - even down to fuel. I can definitely see myself using this app for all my current and future projects!”
                  
                    Robert Hordossy
                  
                    Senior Director for International Business at K&N Airfilters
                  
                    „With Gapless I have all documents, pictures, dates and appointments of my vehicles always at my fingertips. If required, I can send these to interested parties online or quickly access all detailed information (VIN, engine code, etc.) when procuring spare parts. If Gapless did not already exist, it would have to be invented immediately”
                  
                    Uwe Albrecht
                  
                    Board member at city-map Internetmarketing AG
                  
Download now!
            App Store
          
            Play Store
          
Go To
Imprint - Legal Notice
Terms & Conditions
T&C for Additional Services
Data Privacy Policy
Language
English (US)
English (GB)
Deutsch
 
A product by New Horizon GmbH
Download the app for free