Digital education with learning technologies by Ghostthinker GmbH
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
 
PortfolioWhat we do
Social Video
edubreak®
Interactive Video Suite
Blended Learning Consulting
Customers
About usWho we are
Team
Contact
 
 
  
              Innovative learning technologies       
Your digital education partner
   
We develop smart educational concepts, provide the appropriate technologies and support sustainable implementation!
    
Learn more
             https://ghostthinker.de/sites/default/files/Ghostthinker-Lernplattform.jpg   
              Learning videos become social meeting points       
Social Video Learning
   
The teaching and learning method combines the advantages of asynchronous online learning with those of personal, face-to-face exchange.
    
Interactive learning
             https://ghostthinker.de/sites/default/files/IMG_6633_darker_w1920_q75.jpg   
              Our portfolio of educational technologies       
Enhance education
   
Learning and collaboration environments as SaaS, plugin, app or customized, unique solutions!
    
Our portfolio
             https://ghostthinker.de/sites/default/files/IMG_3287_darker_w1920_q75.jpg    
 
 
 
Video learning platformMore than a Learning Management System! Learning environment for digital educational offers with the teaching and learning method Social Video Learning for the sustainable development of action competencies. Learn more!
 
Didactical consultingConsulting and conception of digitally supported educational offers with a focus on social video learning (online/hybrid/blended) as well as project support and evaluation.Learn more!
 
Agile software developmentDevelopment of customized software solutions for educational processes with focus on competence development, interaction and community with modern technologies and social video.Learn more!
 
 
Technological-didactic education partner
 
Ghostthinker GmbH is a consulting and technology company. As an education partner, we support sports organizations, universities and companies in the area of learning with digital media. With our specialization in social video learning, we are a quality market leader. We develop didactic concepts, provide the appropriate learning technology and are experts in questions concerning media-supported educational programs and video-based knowledge management.
The focus of our work is the multi-award-winning method innovation Social Video Learning and the online learning environment edubreak® developed for it. Social Video Learning combines the advantages of video with those of personal exchange in order to promote reflection and action competence.
Read more
 
 
 Our Customers are as diverse as their challenges and our tailored solutions. 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
Explore more partners and customers of Ghostthinker
 
 
Since the introduction of edubreak® our trainings are more practice-oriented. By working with Social Video Learning, we can convey the content to the participants much better.
Markus Söhngen - Lecturer at Lower Saxony Table Tennis Association 
Blended Learning has been an integral part of the DTTB's education structure for several years. Both the technical implementation and the didactic support of the Ghostthinkers have revolutionized our trainer education.
Arne Klindt - Vice President Sport Development German Table Tennis Federation 
The didactically motivated use of Social Video Learning leads to more intensive reflection and collaboration processes.
Prof. Dr. Sabine Seufert - scil (Swiss Center for Innovation in Learning) 
By using the edubreak®CAMPUS we are not only more flexible and save time and money, but also increase the quality of our coaches' education. 
Peter Smutna - Training Manager German Rugby Federation 
The combination of innovative media technology as well as profound media educational and psychological expertise makes Ghostthinker an ideal cooperation partner for us.
Prof. Dr. Andreas Hebbel Seeger - Macromedia University 
The consistently smooth cooperation during the entire development process and the agile approach have only confirmed our decision to work with Ghostthinker.
Michael Hühn - Deputy Management Degener Verlag 
 
 
We as Ghostthinkers
accompany you from the idea to the implementation and beyond.
    
Dr. Frank Vohle Founder, CEO and didactic advisor Frank Vohle is the founder and CEO of the Ghostthinker Company and a pioneer in the field of didactics.
    
Christian Dambach Marketing manager Christian has complemented the Customer Success team since January 2022.
    
Pawel Zweifel Developer Pawel joined our team in Augsburg as a software developer in October 2022. In collaboration with Ghostthinker, he already successfully wrote his bachelor thesis on the topic of cloud development environments in 2021.
Get to know the whole Ghostthinker team
 
 
Stay up to date!
News, events & information - we keep you informed!
GhostLetter (in German)
Quartely newsletter about expert articles, projects, events & more
Facebook
News & insights
LinkedIn
Information & networking
Twitter
Ghost thoughts to go
Youtube
Explanatory videos & webinar recordings
 
 
Send us your message!
We look forward to get to know you, your ideas and requests. Don't hesitate to contact us!
By contacting us, your data will be saved for further customer communication. 
Your personal information is saved in order to fulfill your request of sending a demo account. Further we save these data to be able to contact you afterwards. You can find all information regarding General Data Protection Regulation following that link.  
Name *
Email *
Subject *
Message *
 
 
 
Education partner
We want to advance digital education together with our customers. The method innovation Social Video Learning focuses on the medium video for analysis, reflection, communication and development of action competencies.
 
Technology partner
We create a development concept that is precisely tailored to your organization or project. The technical implementation by our team is carried out according to the values of agile software development: benefit- and value-oriented in close coordination with you.
 
Digital trailblazer
Join us in discovering the potential of digital media for education and training programs! We look forward to working with you to expand your organization's educational offerings with online, hybrid, or blended learning formats!
 
GHOSTTHINKER GmbH
Hunoldsberg 5, 86150 Augsburg, Germany
+49 (821) 40821205
 info@ghostthinker.de
 
© 2023 Ghostthinker GmbH - All Rights Reserved. 
Footermenu
Impressum / Imprint
Datenschutz / Data Privacy
Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen
 
 