Go Quantum – Post-Quantum Industrial and Telecom encryption solutions.
 
HOME
PRODUCTS
Technological background
Devices
NEWS AND EVENTS
Press
ABOUT US
Our Team
Career
Contacts
 
 
 
Search for:
 
HOME
PRODUCTS
Technological background
Devices
NEWS AND EVENTS
Press
ABOUT US
Our Team
Career
Contacts
 
 
 Over 10 years we help companies reach their financial and branding goals. Engitech is a values-driven technology agency dedicated. 
Gallery 
 
Contacts 
 
 
						411 University St, Seattle, USA					
 
						engitech@oceanthemes.net					
 
						+1 -800-456-478-23					
 
Twitter
 
Facebook-f
 
Pinterest-p
 
Instagram
 
// Post-Quantum Secure Data Transmission Devices 
QUANTUM SAFE 
We provide Post-Quantum Secure data transmission solutions through quantum-based hardware and radio link layer encryption for Industrial and Telecom applications. 
video showcase 
  
 
// Post-Quantum Secure Connectivity Devices 
QUANTUM
SAFE 
We provide Post-Quantum Secure data transmission solutions integrating quantum-based hardware  for Industrial and Telecom applications. 
video showcase 
 
 
// GoQuantum
High-Tech 
secure communications 
GoQuantum conjugates our expertise and experience in quantum technologies, telecommunications and information security to bring you cutting edge technological solutions for protecting your IoT, 4G/5G Networks in different scenarios. Potential applications and use cases include Banking, Smart Cities and Industrial Telecommunications. 
 
Release New GQ-LS4 !! 
Higher throughput, expanded capabilities! 
 
LEARN MORE
Event Technology 
 
May 5, 2022 
GoQuantum at World of Quantum / Laser World of Photonics ’22
										Read More																			
Event Technology 
 
February 22, 2022 
GoQuantum in Dubai, #Expo2020
										Read More																			
 
 
 
// Our Devices
Test GoQuantum 
devices today! 
we are one of the first companies in the market offering directly  off-the-shelf Post-Quantum devices to test your network deployment with quantum-safe security. Accelerate your R&D or simply establish your own quantum-safe secure network.Our products and developments are primary targeted to the Telecommunications and connectivity hardware industries including Internet of Things and RAN Networks 
 
BUY NOW
// technology index
Post-Quantum: 
What is it for? 
GoQuantum is post-quantum interface technology. We use algorithms and hardware for enhanced network communications security, aware of, and safe under quantum threats. Protect your network with GoQuantum! 
 
Accelerate towards Quantum 
Early adoption of Post-Quantum Security Standards without a hefty investment. 
 
Speeds Up
 
Reduce Future Threats 
Photon-based entropy and PQ Crypto greatly reduces the Quantum Risk. 
 
Q-Threats
 
Gain Competitive Advantage 
Set aside of your competitors by adding future-proof security to your solutions. 
 
Tech Advantage
// Change, before you have to. – Jack Welch 
Learn more about us here! 
OUR TEAM
 
Legal Notice (Impressum) in  the -Our Team-  Section. Copyright © 2022 GoQuantum 