 
Your grade platform
 
 English                    
Deutsch
English
Sign up
Login
 English                    
 Deutsch
 English
Sign up
Login
Organize your grades, compare your performance anonymously and find matching jobs & employers.
Sign up now
Additional information 
As seen in
Supported by
1
Manage your grades
                            Manage your grades with these handy tools.                        
 Is it secure?
2
Compare anonymously
Check out your achievement in comparison to your fellow students. In addition to grades there is also practical and international experience included.
 Is it anonymous?
3
Matching companies & positions
Discover companies & positions that match  your personal profile.
 Who are the employers?
More than
100,000
registered students
More than
200
different degree courses
More than
5 M
calculated matches
                            Organize your grades the simple way                        
                            Forget excel! Enter your grades once and immediately access them from all your devices (computer, tablet or smartphone)                        
                            Statistics & Comparison                        
                            You can immediately access statistics, graphs and reference values for your grades, internships and work experience abroad.                        
Discover matching internships and job offers at these companies
ERGO Versicherungsgruppe
 Financial services                
 
zeb - rolfes.schierenbeck.associates
 Consulting                
 
Deloitte
 Accounting, Consulting                
 
lingoking GmbH
 IT                
 
Formel D
 Automotive                
 
MeinAuto GmbH
 Automotive                
 
WIKA Alexander Wiegand SE & Co. KG
 Metal                
 
USU AG
 IT                
 
Find  out which company and what kind of job is a match for you!
We cooperate with more and more companies who are looking for interns, student employees, employees for bachelor or master thesis or permanent hire. Our clients include small to medium sized firms as well as major companies. 
 Company overview                                    
free // anonymous // secure
Sign up now
Is my data protected? 
                        The security of your data is of great importance to us. Your connection to GradeView is secured with 128-bit encryption, your data is saved encrypted and is generally anonymous.                    
Am I really anonymous? 
                        Apart from your email address, which is required for resetting your password and for notifications, no other personal information will be collected. Companies also won't have access to your data and are only able to view it anonymously. They have the option of contacting students internally - for the purpose of informing them of an internship that matches their profile for example. This option is only available within the portal and they will not be able to access your email address.                    
Any questions?
                        Our support team is happy to answer any questions you have. Just use the feedback function on the edge of the screen on the left. Detailed answers can also be found in the FAQ section.                    
 help@gradeview.de
 FAQ
 
Press
Companies
Jobs
Blog
FAQ
Support
Terms
Imprint
Privacy
All information is supplied without guarantee.
© 2023 GradeView
 