SMART.iX
SMART.iX
INTRO
PLATFORM
SOLUTIONS
COMPANY
BLOG
APIs
LOGIN
REQUEST DEMO
Menu
 
                        A SMARTER LIFE
                        BY CONNECTING AND
                        AUTOMATING YOUR WORLD.
                    
                            THE LEADING SMART TECH TO CONNECT ANYTHING,
                            LEARN, ADAPT & AUTOMATE TO YOUR SMART X DOMAINS
                            BY ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FOR A SMARTER LIFESTYLE
                        
                            EXPLORE
                        
                            Watch Video
                        
 
Scroll Down
 
                    SmartTech for a SmartLife.
                
                    We are a Technology Leader in Smart Ecosystems.
                    We Enable AI-based Intelligent Customer Experiences.
                    Simply the Best Smart-X Platform to Change Your Life.
                
 
Personlized Apps
1 Single App/UI to Experience a Smart World.
                        Visualize personalized smart experiences for your customers.
                        Our Technology helps you to create & release new experiences that follow your required branding
                        within no time.
                    
Endless Integrations
Connect Everything with Anything by SmartApps. Integrate all Smart Devices, Apps & Services
                        across industry boundaries and make them all work together.
                        Break the Silos and Benefit by the existing Marketplace.
                    
Intelligent Automations
Realize unique Artificial Intelligence by our "AI/ML as a Service" and create successful AI
                        Products.
                        Seamlessly analyse & learn from SmartEcosystems so that all service works together in an
                        intelligent & proactive way
                    
 
 
 
 
Our Technology
                    Applied AI & Limitless Connectivity for a Smart Lifestyle among smart, adaptive Spaces.
                    The Smart Glue to link your Smart World and connect anything together in one place so you can take
                    better care of your self, your family, your home or just be more productive.
                
AI/ML-as-a-Service
                            Code-free, simple Deep Learning, Generative AI & Machine Learning by our Flexible Classifier
                            and DeepGate platform. Effortlessly serve a multitude of use cases for AI/ML-based scenarios
                            around smart lifestyle in a breeze.
 
Smart Ecosystems
Our "Universal Translator" gives you 1 API for 200+ integrations. Interconnect smart services
                            & devices and serve any app. Save money and focus on your customer experience by Smart
                            Adapters to transform people's lives. 
 
Security/Privacy-by-Design
Our Technology is 100% GDPR-compliant. Security, privacy & protection of your data are
                            designed into the core of our solutions. We use highest security, latest SSL-Encryption &
                            most secured servers located only in Europe.
 
Smart Personaliztation
Our unique iX-Account enables an anonymized shadow-account for seamless personalization.
                            Users can connect any service by 3rd party credentials for a secure & reliable experience.
                            The secret sauce you won't see, but will love.
 
Smart Data & Normalization
                        Anonymized, normalized data in a simple, standarized format through a consumable API among all
                        the smart domains, that can be used for AI/ML or BigData analytics across your entire business
                        lines without violating privacy.
                        
 
White-Label Customization
                        
Create and customize personalized, smart user interfaces. Our solutions help you design user
                            experiences the way you want to follow the branding you desire. Preserve your valuable
                            customer touch points to ensure brand loyalty.
 
 
How We Work.
Customer UseCases
We empower you to focus on your user-centric brand and product philosophy by our Customer
                            Driven Development.
                            Creation of customer-centric use-cases and usage scenarios for innovative smart x, smart
                            living or IoT products and solutions.
                        
Experiencable Products
We create value from the beginning by our evolutionary agile product increment approach.
                            Transformation of use-cases into joint product development for rapid innovation by shippable
                            product increments.
                        
Agile Projects
We realize Use-Cases on our platform in agile projects with a clear focus on enabling
                            scalable products.
                            We enable you to make use of previous product increments by truly agile projects. We help
                            you avoid waste and say goodbye to click-dummies
                        
Scalable Solution
We transform Ideas & Use-Cases by agile projects into scalable, SaaS enabled solutions by
                            leveraging our all-in-one technology.
                            You become production-grade by ensured security tests, load checks and field tests to
                            confidently gain a highly scalable solution.
                        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our Featured Projects.
We've the priveledge to work with some of the largest and most innovative
                        companies.
                        Our technology is used by businesses which are transforming the industry.
                    
 
 
                                        Smart Appartments
                                    
SPLACE
 
mySPLACE
With the new SPLACE Business Apartments, Volkswagen Real Estate is realizing a
                                new residential product that offers the privacy and feel-good character of a rental
                                apartment and is also a comfortable temporary home. The focus of the partnership
                                between SMART.iX & Volkswagen Real Estate includes an app-based solution for
                                universal Smart Home control, a Digital Concierge Service and the integration of any
                                Services. Details
 
                                        Smart Cars
                                    
TOGG
 
TOGG AKILLI YAŞAM
Turkey’s first indigenously manufactured automobile will be offering a solution that will
                                make life easier thanks to full integration with connected smart devices and services.
                                This new technology platform, jointly developed by SMART.iX and TOGG, makes the car
                                almost a special assistant, connecting it to all the smart devices connected to the
                                internet and settling it into the center of smart life with its connectivity
                                technologies. Details
 
                                        Smart Experience
                                    
PORSCHE DIGITAL
 
Porsche Experience Foundry
The simulation area for the development of prototypes is unique in the automotive
                                industry, and allows digital products and services related to vehicles to be tested,
                                developed and optimised to meet specific customer requirements at an early stage of the
                                process.
                                Together with start-up and cooperation partner SMART.iX, their Smart Living technology
                                was installed in to meet Porsche Digital’s specific requirements. Details
 
                                        Smart Home
                                    
AUDI
 
myAudi Smart Home
The cooperation between Audi and SMART.iX included the unique connection of the SMART.iX platform into the myAudi Beta Space to 
                                access and control smart home devices via the myAudi app. The solution also enabled the communication with the Audi universal charging cable via EEBus.
                                A specific HMI app provided the in-vehicle control of the Smart Home and an highly customizable user interface by white labeling. Details
 
 
 
 
 
Who are we.
A German-based startup which is a technology leader in Smart Ecosystems and enables AI-based
                    intelligent customer experiences. The company offers Smart Technologies and “SmartLife
                    AI-as-a-Service”-platform to enable companies to create winning smart X offerings regardless of
                    technology interdependencies. SMART.iX seamlessly integrates, analyses and learns everything from
                    smart infrastructure, smart energy, smart city, smart home up to smart services, letting any digital
                    service work together in a context-sensitive, intelligent and predictive way to adapt to your smart
                    lifestyle while creating a better, more intuitive user experience. With SMART.iX, industries can
                    offer customized, interconnected and smarter solutions to their end-users and increase customer
                    satisfaction.
                
 
Our Vision.
To serve as the most useful SmartTech & AI provider of the 21st century and to bring novel
                        innovations to market with our partners to protectively engage nature through smart solutions.
                        We aim for a Connected Nature Ecosphere (Humans/Things/Nature) to accelerate user-centric,
                        cutting-edge AI-based products to help humanity for the good.
Our Mission.
To enable future generations to have a smarter life, through technology that is simple, powerful
                        and works for humanity. We want to transform our planet into a smart ecosystem and preserve it
                        for future generations. SMART.iX mission stands for the convergence of humans, things and nature
                        into a Smart Ecosystem through AI and SmartTech.
                    
 
 
 
Our Pricing Plans.
Whether you are a startup or a big company, our pricing plans fit businesses of
                    any sizes. We offer flexible plans with no surprises because we’re here to help you scale smartly.
                
Free Trial
€0
Per Month
1 Dashboard/App
20 Smartlets
5 SmartApps
3 Months Data History
Get in touch
 
Professional
Pay-as-you-Grow
Unlimited Dashboards/Apps
Unlimited API Queries
Unlimited SmartApps
Volume Discount
Custom Features
Get in touch
 
 
 
 
What Partners Say About Us.
                            While searching for a vendor independent platform for smart home, tenants and our services,
                            SMART.iX has convinced us completely, so that we
                            have entered a strategic cooperation. The innovative and flexible team is a guarantee for
                            the highest level of quality, whereby the topics
                            of privacy & security receive the highest priority.
                        
                                Michael Kittel
                                Volkswagen Immobilien.
 
 
 
 
 
Get In Touch With Us.
                    Let's build the Future of a Smarter World.
                
 
Send Us A Message
Submit
Sending...
 
Your message was sent, thank you!
 
Contact Information
Where to Find Us
                        SMART.iX GmbH
                        Schelmenwasenstr. 32
                        D-70567 Stuttgart
                    
 
Email Us At
                        hello@smart-ix.ai
 
 
 
                        AI for a Smarter Lifestyle:The German-based startup is a technology leader in Smart Ecosystems
                        and enables AI-based intelligent customer experiences.
                    
 
Contact
                        
                        Schelmenwasenstr. 32
                        70567 Stuttgart
                        Germany
                        
                        hello@smart-ix.ai 
 
Site Links
Home
Company
Blog
Newsroom
Privacy Policy
 
Registration
                        
                        Tax-ID: DE307311838
                        Trade Register ID: HRB 756949
                        Register Court: Stuttgart
 
 
© Copyright SMART.iX 2022.
Made with ♥ in Germany
 
   
 