Infscape Backup Software
			Skip to content		
About
Features
Download
Documentation
Pricing
News
Contact
Imprint
 
 
Navigation Menu
 
 
			Navigation Menu					
About
Features
Download
Documentation
Pricing
News
Contact
Imprint
 
 
Backup Everything.Fast, easyUrBackup Appliance 
PRICING
FEATURES
LOW COST 
HIGH PERFORMANCE 
EASY TO USE 
 
01 
about us. 
Infscape is the company behind the Open Source backup solution UrBackup a fully featured, state of the art backup appliance. We sell commercial additions and services in connection to UrBackup, including the Infscape UrBackup appliance and Change block tracking for UrBackup on Windows. 
21,000+UrBackup Server installations 
56+ PetabytesStored backup data 
18,000+Community posts 
23Translations 
UrBackup Appliance 
Designed for easy setup, high performance and your satisfaction 
1 
Complete 
Backs up all popular operating systems, does file and image backups, integrates with various snapshotting techniques, implements the Windows backup API and includes backup scripts for popular applications. 
2 
Cloud integration 
The UrBackup Appliance can be setup to store the backups either locally with archival to cloud storage or to store backups to cloud storage with local cache. It can use any Amazon S3 compatible cloud storage. 
3 
Advanced 
Incremental image or file backups handle like full backups on other systems and can be deleted at any time without care about their relationships to other backups. Incremental backups are fast, especially with a fast local cache for the cloud storage or RAID. The caching system works in tandem and is specially optimized for the backup system. The purpose build RAID can leverage this for high parity levels (up to 32). 
4 
Feature rich 
For example, the UrBackup Appliance can reliably replicate image and file backups to and from other UrBackup Appliances or run image backups of clients as Virtual Machines directly on the UrBackup Appliance. 
Pricing 
Community 
						FREE					
20TB Max storage10 Max clientsCBT client included  
get started
Personal 
						$20					
						Per Month					
20TB Max storage100 Max clientsCBT client included  
BUY
Annual license 
TRIAL*
* 30 day trial period 
Ultimate 
						$40					
						Per Month					
No Max storageNo Max clientsCBT client included  
BUY
Annual license 
Trial*
* 30 day trial period 
Alternatively: UrBackup Appliance with Cloud Service Providers (CSP) 
1 month Free TrialFrom 3$ Per Month*Unlimited Cloud storage to CSP**  
Amazon Web Services
Microsoft Azure
* Excluding additional charges for CSP** No included cloud storage. Backups get stored to Amazon AWS S3 or Azure Blob Storage respectively. Additional charges apply. 
News 
 
					Appliance 10.0 released				
				Appliance version 10.0 has been released. Change details are in the changelog. Existing appliances will be able to update to this version in a few days.			
 
					Appliance 9.24 released				
				Appliance version 9.24 has been released. Change details are in the changelog. Existing appliances can update to this version now.			
 
					Appliance 9.19 released				
				Appliance version 9.19 has been released. Change details are in the changelog. Existing appliances can update to this version now.			
 
Get in Touch 
 
 Your Name (required)
 
 Your Email (required)
 
 Subject
 
 Your Message
 
Please enter 'foobar' (without the quotes) 
 
 
 
Neve | Powered by WordPress 