inne | Cycle- & Ovulation Tracker | Progesterone Saliva-Test
  
  BUY NOW
Get your inne minilab
Choose your plan now
  BUY NOW
minilab
science
blog
  BUY NOW
Team
Join Us
Help center
Already a customer?
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
Track your cycle with lab-grade accuracy.
              MEET THE MINILAB
            
    As seen in
  
 
 
HOW IT WORKS
The world's first at-home fertility monitoring system, using your saliva.
3 simple steps to start learning about your fertility and ovulation by measuring your progesterone levels and your cervical fluids.
How it works
1. Collect Saliva
flexible and noninvasive measurement process
The inne test is designed to allow you maximum flexibility. Take it any time within your four-hour testing window between 5am and 2pm.
2. Measure
a real-time measurement of progesterone in your saliva
The inne Reader interprets your daily hormonal reading and sends it directly to your inne App, using Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. Making sure you are always up to date.
3. Learn
personalised messages based on your hormones
With the inne App you can build your own progesterone trend curves based on your daily measurements and learn more about your fertility and ovulation today as well as throughout your cycle.
By tracking symptoms you see how they correlate with your hormonal levels and the phases of your cycle.
Reclaiming Female Health
Science and medicine has largely neglected female health. In fact, it was only in 1993 that the USA passed a law requiring research trials to include women!
Today, most medical research is still done on men. This is because the male-dominated world considers females “complicated” due to their hormonal changes and menstrual cycles.
We believe that the female body and hormones are a source of wonder that should be known, understood and celebrated. Our minilab gives women the opportunity to easily gain scientific knowledge about her own unique cycle, hormonal trends, and health.
By using inne, you are contributing to knowledge about female hormones. We'll never violate your privacy or sell your data, but anonymise it to gain a better scientific understanding of the female body and to improve our product.
Let’s reclaim female health, together.
 
inne can help you achieve your goal.
Track your cycle
Know where you are in your menstrual cycle and get insights into your unique patterns based on your daily progesterone levels.
Know your body
Track your symptoms across your menstrual cycle and see how they correlate with your progesterone levels.
Get pregnant
Know your most fertile days to increase the chances of getting pregnant by directly measuring your hormones.
    inne is not certified for contraceptive use.
  
The future of female health starts here
      It's about time we use the best of technology to understand the female body. Sign up to our newsletter to learn more about female health and receive special offers!
    
 
One tool, many journeys
Here's what women say about inne
                “I love that inne helps me get to know myself from a deeper, scientific level.”
              
Rena's Story ➞
                “I can finally track my hormone changes!”
              
Živa's Story ➞
                “Now I know exactly where I am in my cycle, which has allowed me to accept feelings of tiredness or restlessness.”
              
Amber's Story ➞
                “Smartphone, Laptop, Bluetooth-Headphones – among them, inne became naturally part of my daily technical companions!”
              
Sophie's Story ➞
                “Using inne has become a natural and staple part of my morning routine.”
              
Monica's Story ➞
                “The mini lab has provided me with a gateway to observing and understanding my body at a deeper level. ”
              
Dana's Story ➞
×
                          Rena's Story
                        
next story ➞
                        
“I love that inne helps me get to know myself from a deeper, scientific level.”
I came across inne when I saw an article about its launch online and have been a happy user ever since. I love that inne helps me get to know myself from a deeper, scientific level. It helps me form the connection between what is going on hormonally and how I'm feeling in a day-- a tool that I had always wished existed.  
                          Živa's Story
                        
next story ➞
                        
“I can finally track my hormone changes!”
inne helps me to better connect with myself as I can finally track my hormone changes! That means I can treat myself better - my body has different needs in different parts of my cycle. Additionally, the conversations with my gynaecologist improved as she is better able to understand and advise me. 
                          Amber's Story
                        
next story ➞
                        
“Now I know exactly where I am in my cycle, which has allowed me to accept feelings of tiredness or restlessness.”
inne has given me the ability to take control of my own body. Now I know exactly where I am in my cycle, which has allowed me to accept feelings of tiredness or restlessness. I've always been an advocate of 'listening to your body', but the information I get from my inne reader has helped me to trust that these feelings should not be ignored. 
                          Sophie's Story
                        
next story ➞
                        
“Smartphone, Laptop, Bluetooth-Headphones – among them, inne became naturally part of my daily technical companions!”
After years of mechanical pill-taking, I finally found a way to discover my own fertility. Inne is finally a modern solution for me after a lot of broken glass thermometers and tedious filling-in of tables with the temperature method. Smartphone, Laptop, Bluetooth-Headphones – among them, inne became naturally part of my daily technical companions!
The visualization of my hormone trend took my insecurity away after my PCOS-diagnosis and gave me back control. Finally I enjoy tracking my fertility with curiosity, after having let my cycles just happen for years.
  
                          Monica's Story
                        
next story ➞
                        
“Using inne has become a natural and staple part of my morning routine.”
Strip, split, click - and within minutes my bodily fluids are analysed and displayed on my phone. As a designer it is a true pleasure to use a product that is so meticulously crafted to offer the most enjoyable user experience possible. From the smooth matt coat of the mini lab, over the sleek app user interface to the beautifully designed blog - throughout each step you can feel that inne is made by a team full of passionate people, who truly believe in the product they have created and the stories they tell. 
                          Dana's Story
                        
next story ➞
                        
“The mini lab has provided me with a gateway to observing and understanding my body at a deeper level. ”
As someone who is professionally familiar with this type of technology and personally has tried many options in my own life, inne is in a category of it's own. The ability to test progesterone in this way creates ease in my routine as well as confidence in knowing that I can receive accurate data about my hormones. The mini lab has provided me with a gateway to observing and understanding my body at a deeper level. I love the unique form of personal agency and empowerment I feel from incorporating this device into my daily life. 
Inne
Team
Join Us
blog
Help center
English
Deutsch
 English 
General Information
Sustainability
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions
Imprint