Instant3Dhub
About Us
Career
Product Platform
AnyData
AnyDevice
AnySize
Product Values
Software
Request Demo
Blog
                    Rethink Industrial 3D
                
                    Accelerate your digital transformation with scalable 3D apps.
Ensure next level 3D data automation, efficiency and collaboration with instant3Dhub.
                
                        Play Video
                    
            We Transform
        
    
    3D Data Into Interactive Experiences
Any Data  |  Any Device  |  Any Size
    More about scalable 3D apps  
    
    Trusted by
        instant3Dhub has the capacity to manage as a service, instantaneously, the visualization of massive 3D mock‐up like a full nuclear powerplant.
        
            Youssef LAMINI, EDF - Électricité de France DIPNN (New Nuclear)
        
        With instant3Dhub we see a lot of possibilities to simplify our processes and save costs.
        
            Dr. Christian Mundo, Large Drives Applications, Siemens AG
        
        After extensive market research, we decided to develop our products with instant3Dhub.
No other technology offers the same scalability combined with a wide range of features for implementing our own applications.
        
            Daniel Halbig, CEO, Spread GmbH
        
    
    Gain Core Values With a Single Platform
Easily build, run and deploy an ever growing number of 3D Apps for your use cases.
    Learn more about Product values  
                
                    News and Updates
                
                
                    Blog overview  
                21.04.2023
                
                   
    #Award
                "Digital Start-Up" Award 2023
            
We are very happy to have been nominated amongst the three finalists of National Founders Award 2023 in the category “Digital Start-up”.The participation in the National Founders Award was a great opportunity for regional visiblity and media coverage as well as the extension of our business network.Enjoy watching the official promotion video (German language only), created with the support of the German Founders Award.
            Continue  
                06.04.2023
                
                   
    #Release
    #Partnership
                Threedy presents end-to-end solution for 3D collaboration at Hannover Messe 2023
            
Threedy launches instant3Dhub integrated with Microsoft Teams on a groundbreaking project aimed at facilitating 3D collaboration across engineering and manufacturing processes.
            Continue  
                23.03.2023
                
                   
    #Award
                Threedy wins the Fraunhofer Founder Award 2022
            
We are excited and honored to announce that Threedy has been awarded the Fraunhofer Founder Award 2022, which is given out annually by the Fraunhofer Society in partnership with the HTGF | High-Tech Gründerfonds.
            Continue  
                Get in touch
            
                    See use cases from engineering to after sales and ask your questions personally.
You want to talk to our experts? Just send us your request.
                
                    Contact
                
GmbH
                © 2023 Threedy. All rights reserved
            
                        Privacy Policy
                        
                        Imprint
                        
                        Datenschutzerklärung
                        
        NEWSLETTER
    
                Subscribe to our Newsletter
            
                    One moment please...
                