IoT Analytics - Your Global IoT Market Research Partner
 
 
 
  Log In
  FAQ
  Contact
 +49 (0) 40 639 118 91
 info@iot-analytics.com
 Contact Form
0 Items
USDEURGBPJPYCHFCNY  
 
 
Our Coverage
Industrial IoT
Non-industrial IoT
Smart City
Smart Buildings
IoT Platforms & Software
IoT Connectivity & Hardware
General IoT
Tailored Research & Consulting
Reports & Databases
IoT Market Data
Global IoT Enterprise Spending
Cellular IoT Module and Chipset Market
Cellular IoT Connectivity
Pricing
Research Blog
Careers
About
About Us
Contact
Events
In The News
Press Releases
Request A Demo
 
Select Page
 
 
 
 
 
Our Insights Are Trusted By
Latest Insights
Most recent analyses and market assessments
CEO priorities from 2019 until now: What has changed?
Apr 26, 2023In short IoT Analytics reflects on the last four years covering CEO priorities in earnings calls. Most notable developments are: 1. The impact of COVID-19 and the Ukrainian War; 2. The rising importance of inflation; 3. The lower importance of trade-related themes; and 4. The small shifts in...
read more
10 notable telco IoT trends—based on insights gathered in Q1 2023
Apr 19, 2023Telco IoT market update Q1 2023 Telecommunication companies made $11 billion in revenue with cellular IoT connectivity services in 2022, according to the IoT Analytics Global Cellular IoT Connectivity Tracker & Forecast. This number grew strongly 15% year-on-year on the back of the first 5G...
read more
The leading IoT software companies 2023
Apr 12, 2023In short IoT software spending reached $53 billion in 2022 and continues to grow strongly. The latest IoT Software Adoption Report 2023 highlights the top 100+ IoT software vendors used today based on an extensive survey of IoT users. The most common IoT software companies include Microsoft, AWS,...
read more
 
Browse All Insights
Insights By Category
Industrial IoT
Non-industrial IoT
IoT Platforms & Software
IoT Connectivity & Hardware
General IoT
Latest Market Reports
Discover in-depth and holistic publications on IoT
Quarterly Trend Report: What CEOs talked about in Q1/2023
From $600.00
Embedded World 2023—the Latest IoT Chipset and Edge Trends
Subscribers only
MWC Barcelona 2023 Event Report
Subscribers only
IoT Software Adoption Report 2023
From $3,000.00
Browse All Reports
What We Do
Equipping enterprises with IoT data and insights to lead the world’s digital transformation

Reports & Databases
Market reports
Market forecasts
Company databases
End-user adoption reports
Event reports
And more…
Shop Reports

Tailored Research
Data customizations
Commissioned surveys
Expert interviews
Deep-dive studies
Strategic advice
And more…
Learn More
Want access to all market research reports?
Gain access to our entire pool of insights and intelligence with a research subscription.
Contact Us
See Our Pricing
Why Us?
Trusted by 800+ leading companies around the world

Top-Quality Analyses
We aim to produce the highest quality research available to you. We have conducted 550+ primary research interviews and built 40+ databases in the last years. Our focus is on facts and actionable insights without losing sight of the bigger picture.

Unparalleled IoT Network
We have 60+ years of IoT industry experience in the team. All our analysts have extensive industry background and a unique global network across both vendor and end-user communities and all major industries.

Trusted by Market Leaders
We have served 800+ customers to date, many of which are Global Fortune 500 firms and returning customers. Our customers rate us 4.4/5 on average and consistently score us as “better” than our competitors, especially for product quality.
What Others Say About Us
What our clients appreciate about our work
What I enjoy most is that IoT Analytics often conducts in-depth analysis of IoT from both technical and industry dimensions, especially in certain perspectives where some of the analytical angels are precise and profound. I think IoT Analytics’ analysts have a very deep industrial understanding, which leads all of us to rethink.
Zhen GuanSenior Partner Technology Strategist, Microsoft
We engaged IoT Analytics to perform digital ecosystem and competitive intelligence gathering, and were very pleased with their depth of understanding of the Industrial Internet of Things. Their team worked with us in a highly collaborative manner, and delivered a series of reports that were greatly appreciated by the digital leadership team and other key stakeholders in Marketing & Sales. I’d recommend this boutique firm without reservation.
Kathleen Conroy Vice President, ABB Group
We engaged IoT Analytics to understand how IoT supports Sustainable Development Goals as defined by the UN. IoT Analytics helped us conduct interviews with over 40 executives and experts across the IoT ecosystem. The subsequent analysis and IoT guidelines we developed together informed high level discussions with senior executives and public figures in Davos and will be a strong reference for our future work. I am very impressed with IoT Analytics’s professional approach and their ability to help us connect the dots between IoT and sustainability. Their commitment to the success of our project is praiseworthy.
Rodrigo Arias Content Lead for Technology, Media and Digital Industries World Economic Forum
What I like about IoT Analytics is that you provide pragmatic/conservative analysis and forecasts, which is not the norm for most analyst firms.
Charles Reed Anderson IoT / Smart Cities / DX Senior Advisor to McKinsey & Co
Great to see a paper give an accurate representation of how data science and analytics are used – much better than the generic papers from the Big 5 firms.
Sean Stauth Director Client Services Silicon Valley Data Science (SVDS)
I purchased the recent list of 1600 IoT projects and it is a great report.
Worth the price for sure.
Chris Herbert
Entrepreneur & Certified IoT Professional
Ventures: Mi6 Agency / Silicon Halton / TechIgniters
    
Average customer satisfaction score: 4.4/5
Customers that would recommend us: 100%
Customer Satisfaction Survey 2020
Want free access to the latest market insights and updates?
Sign up for our newsletter and never miss another update again.
Leave this field empty if you're human: 
 
EmailShareTweetPocketFlip 
IoT Analytics
IoT Analytics is a leading global provider of market insights and strategic business intelligence for the IoT, AI, Cloud, Edge and Industry 4.0. 
Our key workstreams across the tech stack include IoT applications, IoT platforms and software, IoT connectivity and hardware, and industrial IoT. 
We are trusted by 800+ leading companies around the world for our market insights, including globally leading software, telecommunications, consulting, semiconductor, and industrial players.
Quick LinksReports & Databases
Tailored Research
Pricing
Request A Demo
Our CoverageAll Insights
Industrial IoT
IoT Platforms & Software
IoT Connectivity & Hardware
Smart City
General IoT
ResourcesIoT Research Blog
Press Releases
Newsletter
CompanyAbout Us
Careers
Contact
Events
In The News
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
	Get the latest IoT market updates sent straight to your inbox. 
Leave this field empty if you're human:  
Legal Notice
Privacy Statement
 
Copyright © 2023 IoT Analytics GmbH. All rights reserved. 