jetlite
top of pageHOMEIMPRINTDATA PRIVACYABOUTHOW IT WORKSPROJECTSPARTNERTEAMJOBSCONTACTMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.ReferencesTeamPartnerContactAboutHow it worksAboutThe
Challenge.90%of daytime we are exposed to artificial light in different environments which disrupts our sleep-wake rhythm or our natural circadian rhythm.This leads to fatigue and can be detrimental to our health. HCLOur
Answer.Our lighting technology is based on the principles of Human Centric Lighting (HCL) and chronobiology and guides the inner clock in line with our natural biorhythm. This can reduce fatigue while increasing health and well-being. Especially in times of ever-increasing sources of stress through traveling,  business, and over-all lifestyles, and an increasing health awareness, intelligent lighting solutions to generally contribute to our well-being are more important than ever.We positively impact humans' well-being through personalized lighting tailored to the inner clock. How it worksLIGHT.
HOW IT WORKS.Light does not only enable us to see, it affects what we do and how we feel. Our brain uses the information that light provides to energize us, to relax us and even to determine our moods. SOLUTION.
WHAT WE DO.We provide innovative lighting solutions that generate lighting scenarios to strengthen the natural circadian rhythm. Our aim is to adapt artificial light to our natural biorhythm in the best possible way. The technology considers parameters, such as chronotypes, personal agenda, seasons, and time of the day.RESEARCH.
IT'S PROVEN.Our lighting solutions are based on research in the fields of chronobiology and human centric lighting. Various studies were successfully conducted in cooperation with renowned research institutes in several industries.ReferencesPROJECT HIGHLIGHTS.jetlite‘s lighting solution to reduce jet lag is on board of Lufthansa’s latest long-haul fleet including Boeing and Airbus aircraft.OUR PARTNERS.PartnerTeamContactOUR TEAM.We are a Hamburg based lighting-tech-startup. Our young team consists of light enthusiasts with different backgrounds: lighting, technology, aviation, and business administration. Together we pursue the goal to create a new understanding of light and its non-visual effects. We help people to better health and well-being through our intelligent lighting technology.
​
​
You are passionate about light, technology, and health? Awesome - we always look for new, inspiring team members to join our journey!Join our Team
jetlite is a young company from Hamburg founded in 2017, which develops personalized lighting solutions tailored to the inner clock to increase humans' health and well-being.
+49 40 209 144 39
pr@jetlite.de
 
Hein-Saß-Weg 22
21129 Hamburg, Germany© 2021 by jetlite GmbH  I  Imprint & Data Privacybottom of page