kiimkern. AI made simple.
 
Find your Language!
Solutions
Data & AI
• Data Integration
• Data Analytics
• Data Platform
Modern Work
• Collaboration
• Communications
• Productivity
Digital & App Innovation
• App Development
• App Integration
• DevOps
Infrastructure
• Cloud Platform
• Data Center
• Cloud Migration
Business Application
Business Application
ERP
CRM
Company
About us
Team
Resources
Blog
Contact
Search
 
https://kiimkern.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/tiping.mp4
Driven by innovation, built by science.
We  design  people-centric solutions that transform businesses and change the world for the better.Get started
 
Discover more
Whether you’re looking for a new solution to optimize and streamline your business processes or you need to build a new digital powerhouse from scratch or improve an existing one, Kiimkern is here to help. We have the technology, the experience, and the expertise to help you succeed in the new digital era.
  Digital BusinessBusiness
14.04.202310 Workplace Trends to Expect in 2023
03.04.202310 Best Online Collaboration Tools of 2023
TechnologySocialBusiness
03.04.2023Paving the Way to a Sustainable Future: Digitalization in a Circular Economy.
BusinessSocialCloud
02.03.2023IT leadership: 8 essential skills for digital transformation success
Digital BusinessBusiness
22.02.2023Digital Transformation Strategy: What It Is, Why It Matters, and How to Get Started
BusinessInnovationInsights
21.02.2023Google Bard: Here’s all you need to know about the AI chat service
 
 
We love sharing our knowledge.Our digitalServices
From strategy development to implementation and operation, we provide full support for your digital transformation. We have the experience and expertise to help you succeed – no matter where you are on your journey.
Digital Advisory
Agile Engineering
Managed Services
Faster, smarter, better.Let’s ConnectContact us about your project, speaker requests, media inquiries, and more.
We will get back to you within 24 hours if it is not the weekend.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *FirstLastEmail *Einzeiliger TextSubmit 
Change your digital future sustainably.Providing end-to-end digital services and consultancy, we help our clients turn their digital dreams into reality. At Kiimkern, we focus on the essentials: ideas, innovation and leadership. Our solutions are tailored to your needs, and we use the latest in technology to help you leap ahead in the new digital era.
About UsIndustries we serve.At kiimkern, we provide an effective combination of industry-specific knowledge and technological know-how to help our clients improve their processes.
Retail
Manufacturing
Healthcare
Financial Services
Industry-specific knowledge.
kiimkern contributed many practical ideas during the entire project time and accompanied the introduction into live operation. The cooperation was very professional and solution-oriented throughout the entire project. It was fun to realize the project together.— Stefan Schneider
— Senior Project Manager, Handelsblatt Media Group
 
BusinessGeneral Inquiriesinfo@kiimkern.com
SupportHelp Centerinfo@kiimkern.com
Meet usSocial ProfilesImprint
© 2023 kiimkern.. All rights reserved 
We use technologies such as Cookies, Local Storage and targeting on our website and process personal data such as the IP address or browser information. Not all of them are necessary, but they help us to analyze access to our website, to improve potential advertising to you and to operate our offers economically.
You can agree to the use of unnecessary Cookies by clicking on the "Allow Cookies " button or select individual Cookies or all Cookies by clicking on "Individual configuration" . The consent includes all pre-selected Cookies you have selected.
Since we value your privacy, we ask you to be able to use the following technologies. You can change / revoke your settings later at any time by clicking on the settings in the lower left corner of the browser.
Note on the processing of your data collected on this website in the USA by Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Youtube : By clicking on "Allow Cookies ", you also consent in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR that your data will be processed in the USA. The US is assessed by the European Court of Justice as a country with an inadequate level of data protection according to EU standards. In particular, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly even without the possibility of legal redress. If you click on "only necessary Cookies", the transmission described above will not take place.
You can find further information in our data protection declaration.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 
								Functional							
Functional
									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
								
								Performance							
Performance
									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
								
								Analytics							
Analytics
									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
								
								Advertisement							
Advertisement
									Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
								
								Others							
Others
									Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
								
SAVE & ACCEPT
 
Privacy Preference Center
Privacy Preferences