kryptokrauts
Home
About
Expertise
Projects
Team
Contact
 
Hello,we are kryptokrauts 
Blockchain Experts
		Software Developers		
		Creative Artists		
  
 
 
 Video abspielen
 We’ve been around in the crypto community since 2017 and we are winners of several hackathons.After developing tools for the æternity blockchain we’re now focusing on building Soon.Market – an NFT marketplace on Proton. 
Follow Us
Github
 View our Github
Twitter
 Follow us on Twitter
 
 
About Us
We believe in a decentralized future powered by blockchain! 
We’re colleagues and friends based in Germany who have been (and some still are) working in several IT companies. Over the past years we participated in various hackathons and developed open source tools and dApps for the æternity blockchain. We decided to found kryptokrauts GmbH and develop our own products, because we believe that we have an incredible and awesome mix of skills in the founding team. And we’re just getting started!Reach out to us if you have questions or if you need help with your projects! 
contact@kryptokrauts.com
Get in Touch
Our Expertise
01
 
Blockchain Consulting
We're happy to advise you on all topics related to Blockchain, Web3, Smart Contracts, Tokenization, NFTs or the Metaverse. The future is decentralized!
02
 
Creative Design
We have expertise in creating brand identities, UI/UX prototypes and promoting products. This includes all illustrations, 3D models and videos. Just tell us what you want - we will do the rest!
03
 
Software Architecture
We have practical experience in building software architectures that scale. In addition our team is iSAQB® CPSA‑A® certified. 
04
 
Digital Identity
We believe self-sovereign identities (SSI) will be one of the hottest topics in the upcoming years.
We have hands-on experience in building Digital Identity prototypes and solutions with Hyperledger Aries. 
05
 
Software Development
Having worked in various IT companies we gathered a lot of experience. We're true experts in building frontend and backend solutions that ship with an awesome UX.
06
 
Agile Methods
We truly believe agile methods are key to success and happiness in a team. We're sick of talking about change requests for certain requirements. We just wanna build the best products as fast as possible!
Our Projects
 
 
 
 
Our Team
 
Marco
CEO & Product Lead
Twitter
 
Github
 
Linkedin
 
 
Mitch
Backend & Software Architecture
Twitter
 
Github
 
Linkedin
 
 
Jan
Frontend & Software Architecture
Github
 
 
Andi
Creative Design
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Say Hello!
 
Bitte lasse dieses Feld leer.Bitte lasse dieses Feld leer.
Bitte lasse dieses Feld leer.
I have read the Privacy Policy note. I agree that my details and data will be collected and stored electronically to answer my request. Note: You can revoke your consent at any time for the future by sending an email to contact@kryptokrauts.com
Submit
Our Location
kryptokrauts GmbH
Tobelweg 45
73101 Aichelberg
contact@kryptokrauts.com 
Github
 View our Github
Twitter
 Follow us on Twitter
Copyright © kryptokrauts 2023
 
ImprintPrivacy Policy
 