Landwärme GmbH | Ihr Partner für alles rund um Biomethan
 
 
 
Company
Biomethane
Services
 
Company
Biomethane
Services
 
Bio­­methane. Production | Trading | Services
 
Looking to use green gas? Then you’re in good hands with us. As Europe’s leading independent biomethane trader, you can always depend on Landwärme.
 
We are active across Europe as a biomethane supplier, service provider and consultant. Our trading portfolio features a range of biomethane qualities. We produce some of our biomethane ourselves in our own biomethane plants, while the rest comes from our many biomethane suppliers throughout Europe.
 
Landwärme GmbH | Das Biomethan-Unternehmen
Watch this video on YouTube
 
News.
 
OCTOBER 2022
 
Landwärme has once again been named one of the fastest growing companies between 2019 and 2021 by German newspaper FOCUS and statistics portal Statista. MORE >
 
OCTOBER 2022
 
Reverion and Landwärme have won the German Gas Industry Innovation Award in the “Sustainable Generation” category with their joint CCS project. The innovation at the biomethane plant in Reimlingen, Bavaria, actively pulls CO2 out of the atmosphere as part of the biomethane production process. MORE >
 
SEPTEMBER 2022
 
“Biomethane – chances in the current energy crisis”: Landwärme CEO Zoltan Elek speaks on the possibilities biomethane offers and the steps that need to be taken on a legislative level. MORE >
 
Meet us.
 
03.11.
 
ONLINE
 
Webinar: Biomethane Now More Than Ever
 
15.11.
 
BERLIN
 
Biogaspartner Conference & Dena Congress
 
16.11.
 
WESTERHEIM
 
21. Süddeutsche Biogasfachtagung
 
10.12.
 
NUREMBERG
 
Biogas Convention & Trade Fair 2019
 
07.11.
 
BEIJING
 
Global Biomass Energy Innovation Development Summit 2019
 
22.10.
 
BRUSSELS
 
International Biogas Congress & Expo
 
04.06.
 
STUTTGART
 
13th Conference on Gaseous-Fuel Powered Vehicles
 
30.09.
 
STRAUBING
 
2nd Expert Discussion: Local Courtyard Biogas Filling Station
 
13.11.
 
PARIS
 
European Utility Week 2019
 
30.06.
 
ONLINE
 
2nd Hydrogen Day South Germany
 
06.07.
 
ONLINE
 
The World Biogas Summit 2021
 
21.09.
 
WEIMAR
 
REGATEC 2021
 
Biomethane? Landwärme!
 
We are your biomethane supplier
 
Once it has been fed into the natural gas grid, biomethane can be used in all kinds of areas. It gives energy providers a convenient renewable energy resource they can offer their customers – whether as a biogas product in urban heating applications or for use in industrial CHP systems, for example. Biomethane is also an attractive fuel option. Take advantage of the various support schemes and become part of the energy transition.
Whatever your plans, we have you covered with the right type of biomethane in the required quantity and quality.
 
ENERGY PROVIDERS
Looking for a sustainable gas product for your customers?
 
CHP PLANT OPERATORS
Looking to introduce biomethane in your CHP plant?
 
NATURAL GAS STATIONS
Looking to offer biomethane as an environmentally friendly fuel?
 
We will take care of everything.
 
Additional services from a single source
 
Many single interdisciplinary steps have to be taken before green gas can make its way through the pipeline. As a consultant, we are happy to assist you with your biomethane project. We ensure a smooth supply of biomethane, take care of balancing group management, and arrange the necessary agreements. And we can provide all of the quality and sustainability certificates required to partake in support schemes. All our services can also be booked separately.
 
Consultation
Competent and experienced:
We are on hand to answer all of your questions relating to biogas upgrading and the possible applications of biomethane. MORE >
 
Balancing group management
Precise and efficient: Landwärme Service GmbH ensures your gas supply is handled smoothly and effortlessly. MORE >
 
Certification
Detailed and well-versed: You can count on our expertise in all established certification and documentation systems throughout Europe. MORE >
 
Legal matters
A maze of regulations in the energy sector? Our lawyers battle their way through the jargon and take care of contract design.
 
These customers already place their trust in Landwärme. Take a look at our reference projects.
 Reference Projects
 
DOWNLOADS
IMPRINT
PRIVACY POLICY
 
CAREERS
PRESS
REFERENCES
 
LANDWÄRME GMBH Ungererstraße 40
80802 München
T +49 | 89 | 24 88 200 10
info@landwaerme.de
 
We use cookies and similar technologies to track and analyze the use of our website. This is done with your consent only.You can revoke this consent at any time. Read MoreReject AllCookie SettingsAccept AllCookie Einwilligung bearbeiten
Close
Cookie Settings 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Advertisement".cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 
								Functional							
Functional
									Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
CookieDurationDescriptionpll_language1 yearThis Cookie is used by Polylang-Plugin for WordPress. The Cookie will store the language code for the website. 
								Analytics							
Analytics
									Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
CookieDurationDescription_ga2 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gid1 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form. 
								Performance							
Performance
									Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
CookieDurationDescription_gat1 minuteThis cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the colllection of data on high traffic sites. 
SAVE & ACCEPT
Powered by 
 