Laubwerk – 3D Plants for CG Artists & Architects – Curated Realistic 3D Plants Models
Create Account
|
Sign In
 
Attention! Javascript needs to be activated.
Some features on our site e.g. display of fonts and e-mail addresses, need Javascript to be activated in order to work properly.
1
Home
2
Products
3
Store
4
Technology
5
Company
 
Shopping Cart
 3D Plants for CG Artists
Laubwerk offers easy-to-use software extensions for architects and CG artists looking for authentic 3D plants, and plant scattering tools.
With drag-and-drop simplicity, and easy-to-use tools that modify the shape, age, season and level of detail for each of Laubwerk's stunning 3D plants, users can seamlessly add 3D trees to any CG project. For Autodesk 3ds Max & Maya, MAXON Cinema 4D, Trimble SketchUp, and Python.
Read More ... 
Spring Planting Sale 2023Make your scenes sing with Laubwerk Plants in spring!
It's time to get planting with Laubwerk Plants! Join our Spring Planting Sale 2023 until Wednesday, May 10th, featuring 25% off all products!
Read More ...New Laubwerk Player 1.0.44 is flat-out awesome!Let your creativity flow with the new updates to the Laubwerk Player!
The latest update to the free Laubwerk Player 1.0.44 adds support for SketchUp 2023 and V-Ray for Sketchup 6.00.02, plus new SketchUp 2D Face-Me proxy shapes for all Laubwerk plants!
Read More ...Vectorworks and Laubwerk Now Work TogetherBreathe new (plant) life into your projects with Laubwerk Plant objects.
Learn how Vectorworks 2023 users such as landscape and garden designers and architects can benefit from Laubwerk Plants.
Read More ...Laubwerk Plants Kits Feature Overview
Watch the ease of use and the powerful features of the Laubwerk Plants Kits.
Laubwerk Plants integration with Forest Pack
Discover the seamless integration of Laubwerk Plants Kits into Forest Pack 4 for 3ds Max
Subscribe to our NewsletterJoin our Laubwerk mailing list to get the latest news when it's still fresh and warm.
Email Address 
First Name 
Last Name
Terms of Use | Privacy and Cookies Policy | Terms of Sale | Contact+Imprint
Laubwerk is a registered trademark in Germany and/or other countries.All products or brand names mentioned are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Laubwerk GmbHImmanuelkirchstr. 1510405 BerlinGermany
Phone +49 30 9210646-50 
info@laubwerk.com
www.facebook.com/laubwerk
Copyright Laubwerk GmbH. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Click "Read more" to get more information about our privacy policy.AcceptRead more