We are Lemonstorm – E-Commerce under licence from leading brands
 
Home
What we do
How
Brands
Contact
Privacy policy
Imprint
 
 
Home
What we do
How
Brands
Contact
Privacy policy
Imprint
 
 
what we doLemonstorm creates a single white label point of entry for the brand audience and a risk-free e-commerce solution and licence revenue for the brand. The full brand experience with all licensed products, advertising, purchasing, warehousing, logistics, fulfilment, customer service – all from one strong partner.
Lemonstorm creates a single white label point of entry for the brand audience and a risk-free e-commerce solution and licence revenue for the brand. The full brand experience with all licensed products, advertising, purchasing, warehousing, logistics, fulfilment, customer service – all from one strong partner.
and whyBrands are great at being brands, not necessarily good at being online retailers. Lemonstorm provides a comprehensive global e-commerce solution. The full brand experience focused in an online store that turns fans into loyal customers.
Brands are great at being brands, not necessarily good at being online retailers. Lemonstorm provides a comprehensive global e-commerce solution. The full brand experience focused in an online store that turns fans into loyal customers.
howA license-based, full end-to-end e-tailing solution for strong brands. Lemonstorm offers a flexible, highly efficient and massively scalable e-commerce infrastructure, designed to fit in with strong brands’ e-commerce strategy.
the detailshowA license-based, full end-to-end e-tailing solution for strong brands. Lemonstorm offers a flexible, highly efficient and massively scalable e-commerce infrastructure, designed to fit in with strong brands’ e-commerce strategy.
the detailsthe brand and lemonstormWe are not a service provider. You don´t pay us – we pay you. Lemonstorm offers various flexible and transparent business models to provide licence revenue to maximise brand profitability. Analysis and reporting to the brand further enhances the link with the brand’s customer.
the brand and lemonstormWe are not a service provider. You don´t pay us – we pay you. Lemonstorm offers various flexible and transparent business models to provide licence revenue to maximise brand profitability. Analysis and reporting to the brand further enhances the link with the brand’s customer.
brand managementWith decades of international brand management experience, we build and operate online shops which communicate a brand’s positioning as part of its multichannel brand communication.
online shop design and developmentWe create and develop the online shop under strict brand guidelines. Our modular and highly scalable store systems offer the perfect shopping experience – in every language and currency.
product sourcing and developmentLemonstorm buys merchandise from existing licensees and sources new products. With direct-to-retail-programs, we design and manufacture exciting and innovative new products for the licensed brand.
customer serviceLemonstorm’s international call center offers perfect shopping support in all required languages, dealing with the customer service enquiries and taking care of all the customer belongings.
brandsgoodyear storegoodyearstores.eu
dmax shopdmax-shop.de
discovery channel online storesLemonstorm operates the European Discovery Channel Online-Stores, supported by the European Regional Development Fund
bear grylls storethe little princederkleineprinz.shop
contact usLemonstorm GmbH
Fuerther Strasse 244e
90429 Nuremberg
Germany
Phone: +49 911 477 3570
Send an e-mail 
Imprint  |  Privacy Policy