Home - Leon Nanodrugs
 
Home
Our solution
About us
News & Events
Contact
 
NEXT - GENERATION NANO TECHNOLOGY 
							View Video 
							
 
Next - Generation Nano TechnologyLEADING TECHNOLOGY FOR THE ENCAPSULATION OF NUCLEIC ACIDS, BIOMOLECULES AND OTHER APIs.Our technology solves your current encapsulation challenges.Highly flexible GMP manufacturing solutions for your genetic payloads and other molecules.Our solutionLEON has proven experience in developing state-of-the-art nanoparticle production processes, and technology for scale-up and commercial manufacturing. Commercial encapsulation of genetic biomolecules faces a big bottleneck. Current technologies have several limitations: they are overly complex, cumbersome, investment intensive, inefficient, and costly. LEON’s NANOnow solutions solve this bottleneck, making manufacturing of these products an affordable proposition.
Personalized medicine produced in minutes.
NANOme is a disruptive technology providing a closed device for advanced genetic product and individualized medicine manufacturing.
NANOme enables the encapsulation of genetic material into lipid nanoparticles in minutes instead of hours, with more control and at a significantly lower cost than current methods.
Learn more
A new level of vaccine manufacturing.
The need for rapidly manufactured, large-scale quantities of vaccines has never been more immediate. NANOus disrupts current manufacturing processes and makes them faster and more cost-efficient than ever before.
Learn more
LEON´s device platform for encapsulation of transfection material
NANOnow is LEON’s proprietary nano-encapsulation device platform that increases the efficiency of nanoparticle manufacturing. With an IP-protected reactor for the manufacturing of nanoparticles, we make fast and cost efficient GMP manufacturing of preventive therapies possible. From medium to large scale as well as single piece flow manufacturing of therapeutic personalized treatments.
And we are flexible: From surface stabilized polymeric nanoparticles to lipid nanoparticles and liposomes: Our technology is suitable for a wide range of particle types and application forms.
Learn more
With NANOsolv we expedite APIs, revitalize forgotten formulations and breathe new life into generics to deliver improved stability, increased solubility and enhanced bioavailability.
Our solution is based on our proprietary technology, a classic bottom-up approach to the synthesis of SMART nanoparticles or microparticles.
Learn more
NEWS
  
May 3, 20230 Comments1 MinuteCAREER: Process Engineer (f/m/d)
April 27, 20230 Comments1 MinuteLEON sets up lab facilities at the Innovation and Start-Up Center for Biotechnology (IZB) in Munich
April 18, 20230 Comments1 MinuteLNP Formulation & Process Development Summit
January 3, 20230 Comments1 MinuteLEON successfully completes development of its innovative reactor for more efficient production of lipid nanoparticles
December 7, 20220 Comments1 MinuteInterview: Unleashing the power of LNP encapsulation
October 26, 20220 Comments1 MinutesHarro Höfliger and LEON collaborate to bring the innovative NANOus LNP-encapsulation device to market
September 22, 20220 Comments1 MinuteAAPS 2022
September 22, 20220 Comments1 MinuteCPhI Worldwide 2022
 
 
FOLLOW US ON
The basis for better solutions.GENERAL INFO & ENQUIRIES
info@leon-nanodrugs.com
PARTNERING INFO
request@leon-nanodrugs.com
CONTACT
leon-nanodrugs GmbH
Kopernikusstrasse 9,
D-81679 Munich
Germany
Phone +49(0)89 41 42 48 89-0
Fax +49(0)89 41 42 48 89-88
Follow us
© 2023 Leon Nanodrugs. All rights reservedCareer
Downloads
Site notice
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
 