Self-service market research with tools from Make Opinion
LinkedInFacebookYoutubeContact
Log-in
 Deutsch
 Deutsch English Français Español Nederlands Italiano Čeština‎ Dansk Magyar Polski Português Svenska 日本語 العربية
 
Tools & Services
Products & Services
Create surveysCreating online surveys has never been easier: Use the intuitive questionnaire editor with more than 20 question types
Find participantsFind participants for your online survey from all over the world and get results in no time
Video feedback toolFind participants for a live video interview on all continents in just a few minutes with our video tool
In home use testing Have your products tested by testers in their familiar surroundings. Gain real-life feedback
Companies
Blog
START FREE
Menu
Menu
Search for: 
HOME
TOOLS & SERVICES
PRODUCTS
PRICES & LICENSES
COMPANY
BLOG & NEWS
START FREE
 
Insights with deep impact in real time
An innovate software platform for rapid, efficient, agile qualitative and quantitative self-service market research
WANT TO LEARN MORE?
Create online surveysCreate online surveys quickly, easily, intuitively and cost-effectively
Find survey participantsFind respondents to online surveys anywhere in the world in no time
Real time video feedback toolFind participants for live online video interviews in minutes
IHUT panel for in-home usageHave your products tested in the real realities of consumers' lives
Everything you need for successful self-service market research!
This is how fast, simple and cost-effective global self-service market research works today!
Make Opinion offers you sophisticated, efficient and easy-to-use innovative tools for truly self-service market research. 
Create online surveys and find your desired survey participants all over the world in just a few minutes. 
Feel empowered to make important decisions with our high quality participant feedback. 
Our high quality participant feedback empowers researchers and brands to make the correct decisions on a daily basis.
Our easy to use, innovative platform is the tool that will satisfy all of your self-service market research needs. 
Survey tool | Find participants | Video feedback | iHUT panels | Analysis
 
Create user friendly online surveys intuitively, quickly and easily
With the Make Opinion survey authoring tool, you can create and manage your online surveys in a few simple steps and in very little time. The questionnaire editor supports you with a variety of elements and tools to design your online survey professionally and in an appealing, clean design with high focus on user-friendliness. This ensures higher quality feedback with more engaged participants! The editor also offers many possibilities with regard to monitoring and analysing your survey results as well as making it easier to distribute your online surveys. Make Opinion's survey editor makes self-service market research feel like child's play.
Create survey
Find the perfect target group for your online surveys and market research studies
The audience tool from Make Opinion efficiently supports you in selecting survey participants from a pool of more than 25 million panelists around the world. The selection of your survey participants takes place via a simple interface and provides deep targeting criteria such as gender, age, region, ethnicity, income, education, profession, hobbies and much more. You can also use the Audience tool to define your own qualification quotas to ensure you have balanced and representative responses. With Make Opinion's Audiene tool, you can quickly and easily recruit survey participants for your self-service market research!
Find participants
Find participants for video feedback and conduct live interviews online
Dramatically shorten and simplify the process of qualitative market research. With a single tool, you can both find participants for face-to-face interviews in a matter of minutes and interview them directly with the same tool on a clean user interface with outstanding quality. Finding participants for live video interviews has never been easier. Save yourself time-consuming scheduling, participant cancellations, missed appointments and the headache of using overly complicated video tools. Make Opinion’s video feedback tool is how agile self-service market research works today!
Get video feedback
IHUTs: Get your products tested where they're used
In-Home Use Tests (IHUTs) are the ideal way to test products in consumers' real-life environments. In addition, In-Home Use Tests are far more cost-effective than conventional methods. With Make Opinion, you can quickly find committed participants who will intensively test your products in their home and give you honest and comprehensive feedback. Use our IHUT panel for your self-service market research and find exactly the target group you need for your product tests.
Find test persons
Intelligent data analysis
Make Opinion offers a clear and easy-to-use real-time analysis tool for your self-service market research, that even inexperienced users can use to intuitively evaluate and interpret even complex data from very extensive online surveys. Use countless functions such as data filters, selection of different graphs, text analysis, user-defined layouts as well as the quick and easy raw data export tool. Share analyses and evaluations with team members and assign hierarchical roles and rights. You decide who can see what!
Analyze data
Enable rapid business success with Make Opinion's self-service market research platform 
Self-service market research offers your company the opportunity to act quickly to gain a solid database for valuable business decisions in real time. Conduct qualitative and quantitative market research in-house with tools and services from Make Opinion’s self-service market research platform quickly, easily and cost-effectively. Empower your staff to take self-service market research to the next level with our innovative market research tools. This is what the software platform for market research by Make Opinion empowers your business to do!
Contact
25000online surveys
answered daily...
... in 85countries around
the world
... by 25 M.panelists from
Make Opinion
Any questions?
Get in touch with us!
We will be happy to answer all your questions about our tools for self-service market research. Simply use the contact form to get in touch with our experts. If you have an urgent request, please contact our international support via chat.
Contact us via our social media channels!
      
Company / Organization Salutation & name * E-mail * Phone Message * I hereby agree that my contact data will be stored. This consent can be revoked at any time. *
   
Contact 
Make Opinion GmbH
Self-service market research tools
+49 (0) 30 6293 70 810
hello@makeopinion.com
Tips & News 
Create survey & survey tool
Audience Tool & Online Panel
In Home Use Test & IHUT Panel
Net Promoter Score
Find survey participants
Do-It-Yourself Market Research
Create online questionnaires
Data analysis tool
Video interview tools
Market research software
Follow us on...
      
Popular blog articles
 
Finding Survey Participants: These are the ultimate best tips!
 
In Home Use Test: It's that easy to find engaged test subjects
 
Conduct do-it-yourself market research quickly and easily
Nach oben scrollen
Manage cookie consent
This website uses cookies to optimize the user experience and to improve functionality.
Functional
Functional
								Always active							
The technical storage or access is absolutely necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a certain service that is expressly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of transmitting a message via an electronic communication network.
preferences
preferences
Technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing presets that have not been requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or the access, which takes place exclusively for statistical purposes.
Technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, the voluntary consent of your Internet service provider or additional records from third parties, the information stored or retrieved for this purpose cannot usually be used to identify you alone.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles, to send advertising or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage providers
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Decline
Settings
Save settings
Settings
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
 
© Make Opinion | Imprint | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy