MD Nomics – Market Data Management as a Service
Skip to content
 
 Home
About Us
Contact Us
 
 
 
 
Market data management newly defined
Managing market data in fast changing environments
 
 
Market data management newly defined 
Our Promise to You 
We deliver end-to-end market data management services that optimize the data consumption at all levels of your organisation. Based on decades of experience, the MDnomics Market Data Governance (MDG) Framework has been designed to address business needs whilst solving for your compliance, governance and cost concerns. Get immediate results and harvest lasting benefits!
Our Approach 
With our unique Market Data Governance Framework, we enable you to successfully manage, control and protect all licensed data throughout their life cycle.Our three Core Pillars instil transparency of licensed data across the enterprise and provoke strong operational procedures to cope with the constantly changing environment – be it from an organisational, vendor or regulatory perspective.
TransparencyLaying a solid foundation:
&nbsp- Functions, roles and processes
&nbsp- Contract inventory
&nbsp- Usage inventory
 
SavingsRealizing cost savings:
&nbsp- Access and entitlement
&nbsp- Usage oversight
&nbsp- Product rationalization​
 
OptimizationImproving continuously:
&nbsp- Evolving services
&nbsp- Changing business needs
&nbsp- Growing regulations
 
Our Offering 
MDG FrameworkDeploying the MDnomics MDG Framework in a project based engagement, we foster transparency and drive immediate cost savings as well as long-term commercial benefits.
 
MDG as-a-ServiceAs your strategic partner of choice, we service your market data operation on an ongoing basis to keep it at bar with market changes at all times.
 
MDG à-la-carteWhere desired, we can supplement or complement ad hoc or more permanently existing structures, resources and processes to a degree deemed necessary by you.
 
Work with us 
Work with us 
 
Your Benefits 
01 
Breadth and depth of our services 
We cover the full value chain from repository creation to rationalisation and optimization.
02 
Modular, scalable offering 
Deploy our services based on your needs and expand them over time as you see fit.
03 
A framework with unique results 
Solving compliance concerns and reduced expenditure short and long term whilst addressing real business needs sets us apart.
04 
Compelling commercial terms 
Based on partnerships with suppliers, we aim to achieve the best possible buying conditions and lasting cost benefits for you.
05 
From project work to full-service 
We engage on a project basis and serve as your strategic partner to keep your market data up-to-date and improve it continuously.
06 
Make our expertise yours 
Tap into our vast experience and deep know-how in market data and financial services to make data the alley of your business.
About Us 
Working with us, you keep a handle on all aspects of managing market data across the enterprise. Our focus remains on teaming up with business and market data teams and supporting them in optimizing spent and usage of licensed data.
Learn more 
Learn more 
 
 
 
MDnomics GmbH
Platz der Einheit 263027 Frankfurt am MainGermany
 
Discover
About Us
Contact Us
© 2020 MDnomics GmbH. All Rights Reserved. | Impressum |  Privacy Policy
This website uses necessary technical cookies only. You can read more in our privacy policy. Learn moreUnderstoodPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies while you navigate through the website. The cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We do not use third-party cookies for analyzing how you use this website.
Read the full privacy policy
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
SAVE & ACCEPT