Mind-Objects – The best support for visual thinking. Digitalize your workshops! Capture, structure and share your thoughts effortless – with no space restrictions!
 
Product
Blog
Support
Pricing
Download
Imprint
							DE/EN 
☰
Refine your ideas, thoughts and concepts in an endless space.
Try it 14 days for free:
(AndroidTM Pen-Tablet required)
				Interested in using Mind-Objects on another platform? Tell us!
Jot down.
					While using Mind-Objects you can discuss and take notes effortless at the same time.
					
					It’s like pen and paper, but better. Structure, refine or share your notes in an astonishingly new way!
				
Refine.
					It has never been so easy to refine your thoughts! With Mind-Objects we support you in your process of thinking like no one else did before. Just touch your ideas and move them quickly where you need them. With no space restrictions!					
				
Share.
					Show and discuss your ideas with others! Use the freeform nature of a whiteboard to talk about it. Dynamically modify the structure as the conversation evolves.
					Share your notes using popular tools.
				
Features
Sketching and Writing is as simple as it is using paper.
Present your ideas to others.
Your thoughts are tangible: simply touch your sketches to edit them.
Work together - evolve your ideas.
Scale and move your thoughts easily.
Share your work with others!
Voices of our Users
				“Mind-Objects supports our creative process in an ideal way. Any kind of idea can be noted easily and edited quickly in a completely digital workflow.”
			  
 
			  Christoph Jochheim, Head of Product Management at Offerista Group GmbH
			  
				“With Mind-Objects we finally have a digital whiteboard to visualize our thoughts in a great, simple and powerful way.
				
				Refining and restructuring information is no big deal anymore.”
			  
			  Robert Richter, Head of Software Engineering at SAXOPRINT GmbH
			  
				“Mind-Objects is a great tool to quickly sketch new designs during the early stages of solution development.”
			  
 
			  Michael Müller, Director Software Development at Cognitec Systems GmbH
			  
Start now!
Watch our tutorials:
Try it 14 days for free:
(AndroidTM Pen-Tablet required)
Free Templates for you to start!
"Business-Model-Canvas"- a lean startup template for developing business models (more info).
"Agile Planning"- a simple and efficent way of planning your day! Customize it how you like.
"Position Map"- a visual diagram that marketers use to position their brand.
"Product Field"- a canvas to think about your product efficently (more info)
"Project Arrow"- a map to pin down your thoughts on a project visually.
Click on the pictures to download and use the files.They have the ending *.mo and are compatible with Mind-Objects PRO (and Trial Version)
Get Inspiration on Visual Thinking and News on Mind-Objects! Sign up here:
												Email Address											
												First Name											
												Last Name											
												Occupation											
												Source											
												Language											
													English											
													Deutsch											
 Submit 
 
Supporter
Home
					
Blog
					
Newsletter
					
Press
					
Support
					
Pricing
					
About
					
Imprint,disclaimer, privacy policy
					