 
Europe's No.1 AI text & image generator | neuroflash
 
 
                                ChatFlash is here: Your #1 alternative to ChatGPT included for everybody                            
 
 
                                ChatFlash is here: Your #1 alternative to ChatGPT included for everybody                            
 
 
 
Product 
						Create Content
					 
 
100+ Text Types
ChatFlash
                                New						    
Blog Post Workflow
SEO Analysis
Rewrite Texts
LanguageTool
 
						Apps
					 
 
AI Writer
Image Generator
AI Tester
API
AI Avatars
 
						Use Cases
					 
 
Social Media Posts
E-Commerce Texts
Texts for Agencies
Inspiration & Brainstorm
Writing books
 
						Guides
					 
 
ChatGPT vs. ChatFlash
 
 
                    neuroflash Academy                
Learn from video courses, tutorials or webinars.
                                                                                Become AI expert                                    
 
Blog 
AI in Marketing 
 
OpenAI Text Generator
GPT-3 Text Generator
GPT-4 OpenAI
GPT-4 vs GPT-3
ChatGPT Prompts
ChatGPT Alternatives
 
AI Content  
 
GPT-4 vs. GPT-3
Create AI Images
Text to Bullets
Hook Generator
Rewrite Texts
AI Book Writer
 
Marketing  
 
Campaign Ideas
Brand Slogans
Brand Strategy
Consumer Trends
 
Tipps & Tricks 
 
Thank You Mail
Farewell Email
Instagram Caption
SEO Content
 
Help 
 
                    neuroflash Academy                
Webinars, video courses and tutorials. Become neuroflash expert.
 
 
                    Contact Support                
We are always available for you via chat or email.
 
Step-by-Step Guides 
 
Blog Posts
Books
E-Commerce Texts
E-Mail Marketing
Social Media Posts
SEO Texts
 
 
                    Helpcenter                
Our Helpcenter provides articles for help and training.
 
 
                    Bootcamp                
On our bootcamp page, you'll find a number of helpful tutorial videos. 
 
AI Content Wiki 
 
GPT-3 Text Generator
OpenAI Text Generator
AI Book Generator
AI Font Generator
Free Copywriting Tools
Shop Description Generator
 
Community 
Customer Reviews 
 
OMR Reviews
G2 Reviews
 
Partner 
 
Become Affiliate Partner
Our Partners
Apply for our API 
 
Company 
 
Career
                                4 new roles						    
Company
Us in the Press
Request new features
 
Follow Us 
Linkedin
 
Twitter
 
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
 
Pricing
    
X 
 
					Product Tour				
 
 
					Login				
 
 
					
					
					Create for free				
 
  
Features  
AI generated copy  
100+ Text Types 
Long texts 
ChatFlash 
TF*IDF Analysis (SEO) 
LanguageTool 
Use-Cases  
Social Media 
E-Commerce 
Agencies 
Brainstorm 
Rewrite texts 
Writing books 
Products  
AI Writer 
AI Tester 
AI Image Generator 
API 
Price 
Blog  
AI in Marketing  
OpenAI Text Generator 
GPT-3 Text Generator 
GPT-4 OpenAI 
ChatGPT Prompts 
Stable Diffusion 
AI Content  
GPT-4 vs. GPT-3 
AI Images 
AI Book Writing 
Midjourney 
Hook Generator 
AI Wiki & Guides  
AI Content Wiki 
Step by Step Guide 
Neuro Copywriting Techniques 
Write effective e-com copy 
Help Center  
How to speak to the AI 
How to save copy for later 
How to combine text-types 
How to improve texts 
Webinar & Tutorials  
Weekly Trainings 
Training videos 
Community  
Customer Reviews  
OMR Reviews 
G2 Reviews 
Partners  
Become Affiliate Partner 
Our Partners 
Company  
Career 
Company 
Press 
Request Features 
Login 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 Create for free  Login  
 
Create high-quality content with AI 
Start now – it's free
Instant access, no credit card required | Quality from  🇩🇪  
 
 
300,000+ users around the globe love the magic pen behind neuroflash
 
 
 
 
 
Facebook
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
WordPress
 
Envelope
 
100+ short- & long-form text types 
				Accelerate content creation at scale with the highest-quality AI-generated content & never stare at a blank page again.					
 
Explore all text types
Create content that ranks 
The SEO analysis helps you find out how your text should look in terms of content in order to be able to compete with the top 10 search results for the selected keyword. 
Show me more
 
Test your magic pen in action: 
Step 1: Choose a text type
Website hero text
Product Description
Slogan
Cold Sales Email
SEO Meta texts
Blog Introduction
Social Ad
Step 2: Enter briefing
Explain what AI should write about
0/600
                            
?
Keywords
0/120
                            
create
Try it yourself! It’s free!
 
 
Write 2000 words for free every month
Templates created by our community to boost your inspirations 
 
 
Impress your readers with clear, concise and stylish expression 
We integrated LanguageTool in our app for free for you!LanguageTool’s grammar, style and spelling checker is available in all languages. 
Show me more
Remove the content creation bottleneck  
				Tired of letting content initiatives fall by the wayside due to lack of resources? Scale content without scaling your headcount.					
 
How our AI Writer works
 
 
Make the best content decisions 
				Get a quantitative measure of your content impact before publishing your next campaign.					
 
How AI Tester works for you
100+ text types for every touchpoint 
				neuroflash’s text types have been trained with the best copywriters. It knows what converts and how to write content that resonates with your audience.					
				Checklist			
Generate a structured checklist to help you plan and prepare for upcoming things.
				Futuristic Product Idea			
The market is constantly evolving, be creative and stay at the forefront by generating futuristic product ideas.
				Presentation headlines			
Find a creative and appropriate headline that will inform your audience and convince them of your presentation.
				Summarize a text in one sentence			
Get straight to the point with all the important information by summarizing entire texts in just one sentence.
				Storytelling			
Let your creativity run wild and generate a creative story for any occasion and for any purpose.
				Quiz questions + answers			
Create challenging quiz questions including correct answers. This way you can quickly and easily create a great quiz.
				Create definition			
Create apt and informative definitions that clearly and easily explain the term you are trying to explain.
				Passive to Active rewrite			
Rephrase any text written in the passive voice to the active voice to make it more concise and interesting for readers.
				Text Punch up			
Breathe new life into old texts by using AI to refresh them and find new phrases.
				Tone Rewriter			
Find the right tonality for any text and rewrite existing texts to other tonalities in seconds.
				Neutral text			
Rewrite a subjective or personal text into a neutral text, for professional communications.
				Blurb			
Give your readers an informative and engaging look at your book with a successful blurb.
				Creative Writing			
Creative writing block? Generate new ideas and inspiration to overcome the creative doldrums easily and skillfully!
				Writing a scene – novel			
Write exciting and breathtaking scenes for your novel and enthrall your readers with your story.
				Novel outline			
Create a structured chapter outline for your novel. This will ensure that your readers are guided through your book.
				Title Ideas – novel			
Find an appropriate and creative title for your novel. Generate endless suggestions in a matter of seconds instead of thinking about it.
				Story from bullets			
Instead of writing out your bullet points yourself, you can have a complete story generated from bullet points.
				Outline – non-fiction			
Create a structured and exciting outline for your nonfiction book that will help readers find their way around.
				Title Ideas – non fiction			
Let us generate informative and appealing title ideas for your non-fiction book. Save time and choose between different suggestions.
				Book research			
Good research is half the battle. Get help with researching your book idea to speed up the process.
				Find your book idea			
Find a creative and sparkling book idea for a guaranteed bestseller on bookshelves!
				Video Script Letter			
Create a compelling video sales script to introduce your product or services to potential customers.
				Review Responder			
Respond to online reviews and formulate a professional response to reviews for your product or business.
				Product Description Social			
Create product features social (bullets) on the key features and benefits of your product in the e-commerce space.
				Amazon Product Title			
Generate creative and engaging Amazon product titles that make your product stand out and be attractive on Amazon.
				Product Name			
No name for your new product yet? Generate a creative product name for any type of product.
				Category Text			
Create clear category text that categories your product well and engages and informs readers.
				List of potential problems			
Modern problems require modern solutions. But how to identify the problem? Create a list of problems and then solve them.
				YouTube Video Title			
Create creative YouTube video titles that motivate users to click and watch your videos.
				Thematic E-Mail			
Compose a themed email to fit any topic and purpose. Find the right content and tone.
				Reactivation Email			
Generate an engaging reactivation email to persuade customers and build customer loyalty.
				Launch E-Mail			
Compose an engaging launch email that convinces potential and existing customers of new products and services.
				Newsletter Introduction			
Write a newsletter introduction that will grab your customer’s attention and entice them to open the email.
				E-Mail text			
Create an email completely automatically in no time with the help of artificial intelligence.
				Blog Conclusion Paragraph			
Create an SEO optimized, creative and interesting blog closing paragraph for your blog posts.
				Writing a blog section			
Write a SEO optimized, creative and interesting blog section for your blog posts.
				Value Proposition			
Formulate an inspiring and appealing value proposition to persuade customers and gain their trust.
				Customer Service Answer			
Answer customers’ diverse questions quickly and efficiently with an AI-generated customer service response.
				Personal bio			
Update or create a personal bio to better present yourself in your job applications.
				Job Interview Questions			
Have imaginative and original interview questions created to get the jump on potential applicants.
				Press notification			
Create an interesting and engaging press release that is guaranteed to attract readers’ attention.
				Job ad			
Create an appealing and interesting job ad that will attract the attention of potential applicants.
				Campaign Ideas			
Find original marketing campaign ideas to help your business grow and accelerate development.
				Compelling Offer			
Create a unique and compelling offer that addresses the needs of your customers and provides them with benefits.
				Emotions detector			
Examine or find out what emotions people associate with certain topics, subjects, or objects,
				Associations			
Check or find out what associations people make with certain topics, themes, or objects,
				Metaphor Generator			
Create interesting and inspiring metaphors and analogies and use them effectively for your purposes.
				Company Growth Ideas			
Find original growth ideas to help your business grow and accelerate development.
				Real estate Exposé			
Create an engaging and informative real estate exposé to better market properties to potential clients.
				Story – “I” Perspective			
Create an exciting and interesting story from the first-person perspective that will captivate your readers.
 
Professional content creators ❤ us 
Rated 4.7 in 300+ Reviews​ 
 5/5 
Rated 4.7  in 120+ Reviews​ 
 5/5 
 
GünterOnline Marketing Freelancer Read More 
						Best AI for German texts					
Ivan J.Demand Generation Specialist Read More 
						What amazed me the most was the speed and accuracy of the texts. neuroflash speeds up content creation and offers more inspiration.					
David M.Mechatronics Engineer Read More 
						Neuroflash is the best AI copywriter and ghostwriter on the market. It helps you write better and faster. With Neuroflash, your content will always be just right. 					
LukasCEO stylesoul.de Read More 
						A true game changer					
Katharina J.Marketing Read More 
						Easy to use and great new ideas and angles for marketing texts.					
Steffen S.Marketing Insights Read More 
						Augmented Intelligence for your marketing insights and your marketing success.					
Christian F.Sales Read More 
						The result is more interaction with my readers, clear messages that are also sustainable.					
Benjamin D.Director Read More 
						The software writes logically and hardly repeats itself. I am really amazed that the free plan was able to write my entire blog post in less than 6 minutes.					
Yves B.Brand strategist Read More 
						Knowing the existing narrative of a brand provides important insights.					
Lars HoffmannFounder Change Effect Read More 
						neuroflash provides the software for AI-based text production so that the building of brand values across all touchpoints succeeds.					
Gesa L.Founder Read More 
						It supports our creative process. Quick and easy to use.					
Wendelin W.CRM Read More 
						We really have a lot of fun with neuroflash and have laughed a lot because the ideas were so good.					
Chris ÖhlundCEO Time Out Group Read More 
						The association analyses of neuroflash uncover the unconscious, i.e. the consumers' unadulterated view of a brand.					
Björn R.Digital Marketing Read More 
						24-84% more interactions on social media because we convey exactly the right topics and emotions.					
MarcMarketing Manager Read More 
						Creating good and diverse content "easily" with AI					
Online-Marketing Mastermind Read More 
						The best German AI test generator.					
Olaventrepreneur Grüneflügel Luftaufnahmen Read More 
						New ideas for websites and newsletters, easy handling.
					
LeventOwner of Medienagentur Emektar Read More 
						It's incredible what neuroflash has put together.
					
FrankHead of Marketing Read More 
						Smart copywriter solution for ideas inspiration and small text passages.					
MichaelHead of Marketing Ecommerce Read More 
						Probably the best German-language AI content tool.					
MarcoOwner of Living Gesundheit & Fitness Read More 
						I loved the experience of writing with Neuroflash. The style is convincing					
JetteStudent employee Read More 
						Making work easier					
AlexanderOwner of Alexander Göbel Immobilien Read More 
						Easy to trade and highly inspiring AI.					
AnnaSelf-employed Read More 
						If you want to write faster, Neuroflash is the perfect software.					
RalfSales Director Read More 
						I have already received very good ideas for new texts after a short test through neuroflash!					
DennisCOO FIWHA Read More 
						Finally arrived - super solution!					
ThomasOwner of Texxmedia e.U. Read More 
						This can even turn me into an author					
HansOwner of Digitalagentur Interweber Read More 
						Super basis for great texts					
DominicExecutive Director Captiva Solutions GmbH Read More 
						neuroflash is great for developing ideas and writing whole texts!					
 Previous
 Next
Frequently Asked Questions 
				Haven’t found your answer? Chat with us!					
How are the number of words calculated? What happens to my unused words?
You only pay for the generated, visible words. 
In the Basic Plan we credit your words for the next month. So you never lose unused words.
In the Free Plan you really have 2,000 words free every month, no matter if you wrote less in the previous month.
How is neuroflash different?
Just like our competitors, we generate short- and long-form marketing copy. We do this with exceptionally high quality in German and English. Additionally, neuroflash adds a worldwide unique text analysis on top of the text generation. Our AI gives you a prediction of what people will think and feel when they read your copy. With the prediction score, you are able to increase your marketing ROI and brand activation by making the right content decisions. Additionally, we offer a free plan, with which you can write 2000 words every month for free!
Do I have to sign a long-term contract?
No. neuroflash is a pay as you go monthly subscription service.
Is the content new every time & plagiarism free?
Yes, our AI generates unique content every time by using bits and pieces of words from the internet. It is trained to not use previously written sentences as it can detect patterns in phrases, but to rather change sentences and to keep the same meaning. The content is accordingly free of plagiarism.
What is included in the free plan & do I have to add my credit card?
No, you just create your account and can start right away. neuroflash free plan includes access to all writing features, except of the text validation tool, image search ad SEO analysis which is part of the Power and Premium plan. With the free plan you can write up to 2000 words for free every month. You can review the full list of features for each of the plans on our pricing page.
Which technology stands behind neuroflash?
GPT-3 is an autoregressive language model developed and launched by OpenAI. It is based on a gigantic neural network with 175 million synapses and can add and compose texts by itself under minimal specifications. It is the largest Natural Language Processing Transformer (NLP) that can accurately and effectively reproduce human thought and reasoning patterns. The generated texts are so well composed that readers can no longer distinguish them from texts written by humans. Since GPT-3 was launched in 2020, it generates an average of 4.5 million words a day and is used by more than 300 apps.
In what language does neuroflash generate copy?
neuroflash is currently able to produce content in German, English, Italian, Spanish, French, Polish and Dutch. Stay tuned, for more languages, though!
What is the difference between AI Writer & AI Tester?
With the AI Writer you are able to create short- and long-form copy. You have access to a very intuitive editor and a powerful sidebar, which connects your creation process with the ideation & research phase.
The AI Tester lets you compare and test short-form copy with our Flash score, the unique prediction score which tells you what people will think and feel when they ready your copy. In other words: with the AI Tester you can optimize your copy.
Will my data be private and safe?
We take data security seriously at neuroflash. Our servers are hosted in a world-class data center that is protected by 24-hour surveillance and we ensure that our application is always up-to-date with the latest security checks. Our data center is also EU compliant and all our plans include SSL encryption to keep your data safe.
 
 
 
Copyright © 2023 
Legal  Terms   Privacy 
PRODUCT 
New Feature requestAPI accessAffiliate Partner  (35% commision💰)AI-powered consumer insightsHelp Center 
neuroflash 
About usJobsPressContact usPartner 
Follow us 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Facebook
 
Support? Write us to
magicpen@neuroflash.com 
 
This website uses cookies to improve the experience of our visitors. You can find more information here.SettingsAcceptREJECTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
 
SAVE & ACCEPT
Powered by 