 
OCEANERGY
Skip to content
Oceanergy
Reliable &  Low-Cost Supply of Green Hydrogen or e-Fuels
Home The Problem – Greenhouse Gases and Global Warming The Need – H2 and Synthetic E-Fuels The Solution – Harvest Wind Energy Floating Deep Offshore Our Technology – The KITE H2 SHIP Kite Propulsion and Electricity Production Systems for Ships Contact OCEANERGY 
  
menu
Home The Problem – Greenhouse Gases and Global Warming The Need – H2 and Synthetic E-Fuels The Solution – Harvest Wind Energy Floating Deep Offshore Our Technology – The KITE H2 SHIP Kite Propulsion and Electricity Production Systems for Ships Contact OCEANERGY 
 
 
OCEANERGY's mission is reliable and low-cost supply of green hydrogen or e-fuels. Intermittent green electricity alone is not sufficient to decarbonize our energy and feedstock systems. The backbone will be hydrogen or synthetic CO2-neutral e-fuels, manufactured from renewable energy sources.Dr. Wolfram Reiners, CEO
OCEANERGY's ambition is to produce completely clean and green fuels, where nobody feels disturbed. Far out of sight on the open ocean, fully ecological, with no harm to plants, animals or ecosystems, and without using up any valuable land.
Renewable hydrogen and derivate e-fuels is the oil and gas of the future. Feed e-fuels, gaseous or liquid, into existing infrastructures. Or hydrogen into new applications for H2 storage, transport and use.OCEANERGY's mission
Develop the KITE GAS/FUEL SHIP technology,
enabling geopolitically low-risk and
low-cost production of green hydrogen or e-fuels
from wind power. In unlimited quantities.
The KITE GAS/FUEL SHIP is a RES,
a renewable energy source
with integrated hydrogen conversion and storage,
and logistics until feed-in to harbour terminals. H2 / NH3 / LNG / others.
KITE GAS/FUEL SHIPs will be built under the license of OCEANERGY, which supplies the K1 Kite Propulsion system.
 
Green hydrogen or other forms of green e-fuels can be conveniently used in all energy sectors. It can be directly used to de-fossilize
Industry Steel, cement, refineries, chemical industry   
Mobility & transport Airplanes, ships, trucks, buses, trains, cars   
Heating & cooling Buildings & water heating, industry processes, cooling   
Electricity production During times, when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine: in fuel cells, gas power plants, combined heat and power plants (CHP) and micro-turbines   
Amtsgericht Stuttgart HRB 771845
Vorstand / Members of Executive Board:
Dr. Wolfram Reiners, Ulrich Dobler 
Vorsitzender des Aufsichtsrats / Chairman of Supervisory Board:
Prof. Rudolf Voit-NitschmannFind us on:Linkedin
OCEANERGY AG
Renzwiesen 6
D-70327 Stuttgart
Deutschland
+49 711 248922-199
 
					Copyright © Oceanergy. All Rights Reserved.
                
Privacy Policy Impressum Footer-Menu
Go to Top