Home - PetLEO
				Einloggen			
Für Praxen & KlinikenPreiseSupportOffene StellenBlogFür TierärzteFür TierhalterEinloggen 
 
 
 
Because,You and your Pet Deserve the Best Life.The new [2.0] PetLEO application will enable you to take better care of your pet, and make sure it is happy, healthy, and safe.    
PetEO app lets you book appointments online simple and practical. 
Created by experts in E-Health with 15 years of experience 
Communication between vets and pet owners has never been so easy 
Find how the PetLEO app will make your life easier
Shield-check
							                  	Safety
							                
							                  	Calendar
							                
Marker#1
							                  	Explore
							                
Heart
							                  	Health
							                
Potential dangers in your area.
	  In the PetLEO app you can warn other users about dangers like poison bait and the community warns you as well. If there is a danger lurking in your environment, you will be informed via push notifications. 
	
"I don't know of any other app or website that warns me so reliably."
Never miss any important event again
	  We will help you organize all your pets' events. From vaccinations and appointments to teleconsultations.
	
“Finally, online booking for my vet.”
Personalize your map
	  See all the locations that matters to you, from clinics to walking routes, they are all there.
	
“I open the map and find what I need immediately. That is super!”
Track what matters
	  You finally can track your pets health data, from weight to exercise, we got it all.
	
“It helps me make sure my dog walks enough.”
Vets recommend itWith a vet founder, PetLEO will always makes sure that the content is medically checked. So that your pet will be: 
Happy
Healthy
Safe
Relaxed
 
Users 
Toxic baits reported 
by 8000 users 
PetLEO also offers: 
Video-camera
Medical Video ConsultationsWith PetLEO, you can contact your own vet via video consultations.
 
Article
Pet Related ArticlesKeep yourself updated by reading our posts written by experts.
 
Sale#1
Product OffersWe want to offer you and your pet only the best that is out on the market.
 
 
 
What people say about PetLEO
We received thousands of positive reviews from our community 
 “Super App and a must for everyone who cares about the well-being of his four-legged friends! Absolutely recommendable!
”
Clara, 28
 
 “Finally a really useful app for dog owners! Very easy to use. Many thanks for this great app.”
Steffi, 36
 
 “Just installed and I am very excited. Very easy to use. Keep it up.”
Thomas, 45
 
 
Ready to use it?It is free, forever. 
    
LinksÜber uns
Kontakt
FAQ
Presse
Impressum
Datenschutzerklärung
AGB
From Our Blog
 
New rules for the well-being of dogs in Germany
August 26, 2020
 
Prepare your cat for veterinary visit
May 18, 2022
PetLEO GmbH
Icon For Marker#1
München, Deutschland
Icon For Call#1
+49 (0) 89 6282 4322 
Icon For Mail
[email protected]
 
© 2023 PetLEO GmbH 
Google Play icon
Apple icon
Instagram icon
 
Arrow-up
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.RejectAkzeptierenPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled
									Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.								
								Non-necessary							
Non-necessary
									Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								
SAVE & ACCEPT