Pidoco - Online Wireframe and UX Prototyping Tool
Skip to main content
POWERFUL PROTOTYPING
 
Log in
Contact
close
Log in
E-mail 
Password 
Forgot your password?
Log in using OpenID 
What is OpenID?
Log in using OpenID
Cancel OpenID login
Or login using
								Home
							
								Pricing							
								Company							
								Support							
            We are sunsetting Pidoco effective May 31, 2023. Learn more… 
Please activate JavaScript to use all features of our site.
Please activate cookies to use all features of our site.
Pidoco. Your wireframing tool.
Signup is no longer possible. 
Pidoco is software that lets you quickly create click-through wireframes and fully interactive UX prototypes.Small and large companies in over 50 countries trust us.
 
 
What Our Customers Say
   
					Max Ahrens, Productmanager at zimory, Berlin, Germany					 
"Collaboration and software prototyping brings all stakeholders together."
   
					Jörn Hartwig, Senior Consultant & CEO at D-Labs, Berlin, Germany					 
"Having ready-to-use stencils makes GUI prototyping and wireframing extremely fast!"
Read more customer comments »
 
close
Place your order
Please enter your contact information and select the option you are interested in. One of our representatives will contact you to discuss any questions you may have and confirm your order.
Features
								Interactivity							
							Create fully interactive prototypes to simulate what your application will really feel like. Use clicks, touch gestures, device motion, keyboard entries and even location data to trigger highly configurable reactions in your prototypes.						
	
								Collaboration							
							Share prototypes, collect comments and edit screens with others in real-time. Our collaboration features are easy to use and include versioning, comment history and issue tracking to give you all the tools you need.						
	
								Mobile Simulation							
							Test drive your prototypes on mobile devices like iOS and Android in real-time. Pidoco allows you to run your prototypes on mobile devices directly without downloading or installing any app. Simply open the sharing link in your mobile web browser. You can also add the project to your home screen to view it in full-screen mode.						
	
								Exports & Specifications							
							Generate handy specification documents at the click of a button to hand to your development team as a blue print or to clients for sign-off. Or export your prototypes as PNG wireframes or vector files or as HTML for times when you are offline.						
	
								Reusable Components							
							Create custom building blocks that will make your prototyping super fast and improve design consistency in your projects. Create layers and masters as reusable components, upload your own image files or add screenshots as page backgrounds.						
	
								Usability							
							Pidoco is easy to learn and easy to use so you will be productive from minute one. This makes rolling Pidoco out within your organization easy as well. In addition, you can run usability tests with your prototypes using on-site and remote testing methods.						
	
								Integrations & Customizing							
							Pidoco integrates with apps like Planio or JIRA via our API. Write your own add-ons or connect Pidoco to your wiki or other IT systems. Or get our Enterprise Edition offering customizing and a scripting module to write your own action scripts.						
	
								Software-as-a-Service & Security							
							Pidoco lives in the cloud in secure German data centers, so you do not need to install software, run updates or buy licenses for each new user. Simply log in and you are ready to go with the latest version available to you. Need more users? Just add them on the fly.						
Stay in touch
 
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date.
Don't worry. We only use your email to send you relevant news. No spam. Promise.
Subscribe
Tour
Why pidoco
Key Features
Prototype Gallery
Prices & Plans
Product
Wireframes
Prototypes
Collaboration
Usability Tests
Exports
Mobile Apps
Templates
Integrated API
Software-as-a-Service
Company
About Us
Careers
Press
Blog
Affiliate
Referral Program
Contact
Support
Topics
FAQs
API Documentation
UX Dictionary
This Website is Safe
Online Wireframing and Prototyping Tool
Pidoco is a collaborative online wireframing and prototyping tool, which works entirely in
			your web browser. With Pidoco you can easily create clickable mockups, wireframes and GUI
			prototypes without programming. You can share your results with collaborators, reviewers
			and test users for real-time editing, discussion and approval. This will help you design better
			user interfaces (UI) for web, mobile and desktop applications and create solutions that work
			for the end user.
Great User Interface Design with Wireframes, Mockups, UI Prototypes
Functions: Create mockups, wireframes and UI prototypes. Share mockups, wireframes and
			prototypes for reviewing and collect feedback online. Use sharing functions and HTML exports to run online and offline usability
			tests with end users. Generate visual functional specifications with
			the click of a button.
Interface Design Tool for Profitable Software Projects
Benefits: Pidoco can speed up your development projects by more than 50 percent. Create
			interactive UI prototypes and wireframes faster. Share concepts faster. Communicate with
			your team faster. Get feedback and concept approval faster. Get usability test results faster.
			And implement approved prototypes faster. This will save you lots of money and boost
			project success. Pidoco will help you be on time, on budget and on target, all the while
			exceeding expectations!
iOS®, iPhone®, iPad®, and iTunes® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android™, Nexus™, and Google Play™ are trademarks of Google inc..
This offering is not intended for consumers as defined by § 13, German Civil Code [BGB]. Pidoco reserves the right to request appropriate evidence from the user at any time the he/she is not acting as consumer. If you as a consumer would like to conclude contracts with us, please contact us.
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Agreement
Legal Notice
Company
Affiliate
Support
© Pidoco GmbH 2008-2023
Proudly engineered and hosted in Germany.
 