Remote playtesting for mobile games — PlaytestCloud
Products 
UNMODERATED RESEARCH
Players experience your games and surveys on their own, guided by automation
Single-session playtest
Watch players interact with your game or prototype
Longitudinal playtest
Simulate the new player experience over multiple days
Multi-session playtest
Watch players' progress over multiple sessions of gameplay
Concept Testing
Get players' opinions on artwork, videos, text, audio, and more
Surveys
Gain insights on everything from icon choices to new concepts
MODERATED RESEARCH
Interact with players in real-time
Player Interviews
Speak to players 1 on 1, gather opinions and reactions first-hand
Moderated playtest
Early access
Interact with players while they play your game in real-time.
RESEARCH SERVICES
Expert research services by PlaytestCloud
User research services
Let our games user research team analyze or create playtests for you
ADD-ONS
Level up your testing
Competitor Testing
Test the current industry leaders of any genre from 1 to 10 days of gameplay
Playtest with kids
Get feedback from young players - fully COPPA & GDPR compliant
Multiplayer playtesting
Have playtesters match up for co-op or Player versus Player sessions
Bring your own players
Use PlaytestCloud's platform to run playtests with your own players
Use Cases 
Onboarding playtesting
Concept testing
Retention playtesting
Post-launch playtesting
Pricing
FAQ 
Who are the players?
Video recording
Builds & Distribution
Confidentiality & Security
Useful Resources 
Satisfaction guarantee
Support 
Company 
About us
Customers
Careers 
People Stories
Meet Our Team
Blog
Login
Sign up
Become a tester
Make games that players love
PlaytestCloud is your one-stop solution for playtesting mobile games during prototyping, development, soft launch, and after release.
Sign up now
Get a free playtest for your game
Best Fiends
by Seriously
MODERATED PLAYTESTING, now in early access! Apply to the pilot phase and join your players as they play your game in real-time. Sign-up now!
We power playtesting for 45 of the 100 top grossing games in the App Store
PlaytestCloud is trusted by thousands of producers, user researchers, game designers and others passionate about player experience at:
Who we are:
Set up your playtest in less than 5 minutes.
We let the right target audience test your game.
Watch and listen to videos of players playing your game.
Sign up now
Get a free playtest for your game
We have the players
All of our testers are gamers – and they’re spread all over the world, ready to play and accessible immediately. Pick the kind of players you want and we will show you how they play your game.Every type of gamer, from casual to hardcoreTarget by games, genres, and demographicsPlayers play at home on their own devicesPlayers are from the US, UK, and CanadaWe do all the logistical and bureaucratic work, from payment to NDAs
Find out more
Watch the whole experience
PlaytestCloud will capture the whole gameplay experience, turning you into a spectator with super powers. All gameplay is video recorded  See where players touch the screen  Players think aloud while they playTranscripts? Survey reports? We do that too
Find out more
Works in all stages
PlaytestCloud has products for every stage of development. From your first idea, to the weekly updates after launch, we‘ve got you covered.Test ideas and early prototypesPlaytest iteratively during developmentUnderstand player reactions during soft-launchTest new features after global launch
Need an expert?
Our games user researchers can help you design and analyze your playtests.
Reach out to our team
For all mobile platforms
With PlaytestCloud, you can playtest any game on any platform, be it Android or iOS – with all of our services available for both.
iOS
Test any game on iOS via TestFlight or the App Store. For extra security and features, an optional SDK is available.
Android
Test any Android game on Google Play or by uploading a build (APK or AAB). All features enabled automatically, no SDK required.
More features
Multiplayer Testing
Test synchronous multiplayer games within a specific time window and async multiplayer games with many short sessions.
Prototype testing
Test mood boards, music, and rough prototypes. We support Marvel, Invision, proto.io and many other prototyping tools.
Player questions
Ask players questions after their playtest to get an even deeper understanding of how they perceive your game.
Sign up now
Get a free playtest for your game
Products
Playtesting
User Research Services
Player Interviews
Multi-Session Playtesting
Longitudinal Studies
Concept Testing
Surveys
Playtesting with Kids
Competitor Testing
Multiplayer Playtesting
Bring Your Own Players
Pricing
Resources
Useful Resources
Blog
Onboarding Playtesting Use Case
Concept Testing Use Case
Retention Playtesting Use Case
Post-launch Playtesting Use Case
Who are the players?
Video recording
Builds & Distribution
Confidentiality & Security
Satisfaction guarantee
Support
Company
Contact us
Careers
About Us
People Stories
Meet Our Team
Customers
Terms
Legal Information
Terms of Service for Studios
Terms of Service for Testers
Privacy Policy
Kids Privacy Policy
©  All rights reserved.