Qdrant - Vector Database
Product
Use cases
Solutions
Benchmarks
Demos
Pricing
Resources
Documentation
Articles
Blog
Roadmap
Changelog
Community
 
Github
 
Discord
 
Twitter
 
Newsletter
 
Contact us
 Cloud
 Github
Vector DatabasePowering the next generation of AI applications
with advanced and high-performant vector similarity search technology.
docker pull qdrant/qdrant
docker run -p 6333:6333 qdrant/qdrant
Take a look at our Quick Start Guide
or build your own neural search  with our step-by-step Tutorial
Benchmarks
Demos
Make the most of your Unstructured DataQdrant is a vector database & vector similarity search engine.
It deploys as an API service providing search for the nearest high-dimensional vectors. With Qdrant, embeddings or neural network encoders can be turned into full-fledged applications for matching, searching, recommending, and much more!
Easy to Use API
Provides the OpenAPI v3 specification to generate a client library in almost any programming language.
Alternatively utilise ready-made client for Python or other programming languages with additional functionality.
Fast and Accurate
Implement a unique custom modification of the HNSW algorithm for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
Search with a State-of-the-Art speed and apply search filters without compromising on results.
Filtrable
Support additional payload associated with vectors.
Not only stores payload but also allows filter results based on payload values. 
Unlike Elasticsearch post-filtering, Qdrant guarantees all relevant vectors are retrieved.
Rich data types
Vector payload supports a large variety of data types and query conditions, including string matching, numerical ranges, geo-locations, and more.
Payload filtering conditions allow you to build almost any custom business logic that should work on top of similarity matching.
Distributed
Cloud-native and scales horizontally. 
No matter how much data you need to serve - Qdrant can always be used with just the right amount of computational resources.
Efficient
Effectively utilizes your resources.
Developed entirely in Rust language, Qdrant implements dynamic query planning and payload data indexing.
Hardware-aware builds are also available for Enterprises.
Challenges and tasks solved with QdrantHere are just a few examples of how Qdrant vector search database can help your Business
Similar Image SearchSometimes text search is not enough. Qdrant vector database allows you to find similar images, detect duplicates, or even find a picture by text description.Qdrant filters enable you to apply arbitrary business logic on top of a similarity search.
Look for similar clothes cheaper than $20? Search for a similar artwork published in the last year?
Qdrant handles all possible conditions!For the Demo, we put together a food discovery service - it will show you a lunch suggestion based on what you visually like or dislike. It can also search for a place near you.
Demo
Contact us
Semantic Text SearchFull-text search does not always provide the desired result.
Documents may have too few keywords, or queries might be too large.One way to overcome these problems is a neural network-based semantic search, which can be used in conjunction with traditional search.
The neural search uses semantic embeddings to find texts with similar meaning.With Qdrant vector search engine, you can build and deploy semantic neural search on your data in minutes!
Compare the results of a semantic and full-text search in our demo.
Demo
Contact us
RecommendationsUser behavior can be represented as a semantic vector is similar way as text or images.
This vector can represent user preferences, behavior patterns, or interest in the product.With Qdrant vector database, user vectors can be updated in real-time, no need to deploy a MapReduce cluster.
Understand user behavior in real time.
Contact us
Upgrade your Neural Search StackQdrant vector search engine can integrate with anything, these are some of the featured technologies
ArticlesCheck out our latest publications
Qdrant under the hood: Scalar QuantizationScalar Quantization is a newly introduced mechanism of reducing the memory footprint and increasing performance
March 27, 2023 | Kacper Łukawski
On Unstructured Data, Vector Databases, New AI Age, and Our Seed Round.We announce Qdrant seed round investment and share our thoughts on Vector Databases and New AI Age.
April 19, 2023 | Andre Zayarni
Extending ChatGPT with a Qdrant-based knowledge baseChatGPT factuality might be improved with semantic search. Here is how.
March 23, 2023 | Kacper Łukawski
Get Updates from QdrantWe will update you on new features and news regarding Qdrant and Vector Similarity Search
Subscribe
Product
Use cases
Solutions
Benchmarks
Demos
Pricing
Community
 
Github
 
Discord
 
Twitter
 
Newsletter
 
Contact us
Company
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Terms
Impressum
Credits
Latest Publications
Scalar Quantization is a newly introduced mechanism of reducing the memory footprint and increasing performance
On Unstructured Data, Vector Databases, New AI Age, and Our Seed Round.
ChatGPT factuality might be improved with semantic search. Here is how.
© 2023 Qdrant. All Rights Reserved
Thanks for using Qdrant!
×
Subscribe to our e-mail newsletter if you want to be updated on new features and news regarding
Qdrant.Like what we are doing? Consider giving us a ⭐ on Github.
Subscribe