Q-nnect
  Diese Webseite ist nicht kompatibel mit Ihrem Browser.
  Wechseln Sie zu einer aktuellen Version von 
  Chrome, 
  Firefox
 oder Safari, um diese fehlerfrei nutzen zu können.
X
"The Data Platform Q! will enable PwC Germany to analyse and digitalize ERP landscapes in all its facets. With their ERP experts and the technology of Q-nnect they will enhance its portfolio and services in order to provide more customizable ERP solutions!"
Axel Rotthaus
PwC Partner | ERP & Process Solutions - S/4HANA
"Q! enables consultants to position their solutions quickly at the customers system landscape. The effort to build new APIs is reduced dramatically, due to the smart connectors. My access to the required data points helps me to provide first solutions in days to the management. In total, Platform Q! accelerates time-to-action and ensures clear results with data, that comes directly from ERPs or data warehouses."
Tómas Cámara
Business Owner at Tsunuun Consulting GmbH
„Die Möglichkeiten der Plattform sind vielfältig. Aber das wichtigste ist, die Zusammenarbeit lebt vom Einsatz und Vertrauen aller Beteiligten, Danke Euch dafür“
Kai-Olaf Dammenhain
 Managing Director Techedge
"Q! liberates legacy batched ERP data and processes. Q! is the workbench for low code modelling to create, test and scale new digital business models."
Jan Roschek
SVP GreenCom Networks
"The Q! integration platform solves the problem of data and IT system fragmentation, making interoperability possible for every app."
Florian Schulze
Independent Digital Advisor
Contact
Do you have any questions, suggestions, or are you crazy enough to believe that you will change the world ..... Then get in touch with Q!
Get in contact with Q!
Q-nnect
Home
Imprint
Legal Notice
World of Q!
Community
Become a partner
Q! Startup
Q! Values
Accessibility
Environment & Sustainability
Privacy
About Q!
Investors
Q! Contact
Copyright Q-nnect AG © 2023. All rights reserved.
Use of cookies
      We use cookies to help us design and improve the website. We divide these into technically necessary cookies and marketing cookies.
      More detailed information can be found in our Privacy Policy.
    
      Only allow technical cookies
    
      Allow all cookies
    