Courses online, training sessions, videos, live - learning with quofox
  
 
 
Menu
Smart Learning Software 
Smart Learning Software 
Smart Learning Suite
This is what the Smart Learning Suite offers you
EASY - Business Learning Platform
Modular and for organizations of all sizes
EDU – Academy Platform
For professional education providers
Smart Learning Features
Learning made easy
The Learning Suite was developed by experts in the fields of IT, psychology, and research. This is how education works.
The Smart Learning Features help with self-directed learning. They are the guarantee for viable and sustainable learning success.
Arrange a personal consultation in which we will introduce you to the advantages of Smart Learning Solutions.
Contact us +49 30 549 081 986
                                    Would you like to be called?
                                
Content Hub 
Content Hub 
Marketplace
Content Marketplace
Custom-fit trainings by experts for your teams
For Affiliates
Offer content
Become our partner
Content Connector
Barrierfree connection to the worldwide course system
Use the advantage of in international marketplace for education and qualification
Learning Services 
Learning Services 
Learning Services
This is what our learning services offer you
Managed Training Services
We make your trainings smarter – worldwide
Content Curation Services
We find the best courses for your teams.
Education Guidance
Your Partner for state-sponsored qualifications
Technical Consulting
Everything works smoothly with us
 Large companies have established structures that can be used for renewals. How can digitalization promote the development of employees? What can remain? What is allowed to go? Where to start?
quofox offers you advice and implementation from completely new ecosystems to specially developed modules – adapted to your company in terms of content and technology.  We manage your supply chain. 
One call… and we make your life easier. At least your working life.
Contact us +49 30 549 081 986
                                    Would you like to be called?
                                
About Us 
About Us 
Mission
Thats our goal for the world.
The company
Who and what
Philosophy
The choice of our means.
We offer
Your Added Value.
Learn. From The World.
Empowering & Qualification
Smart Learning Solutions
 
 
Our main categories
                                                    Jobs & Careers
                                                
                                                    Leisure
                                                
                                                    Graphics & design
                                                
                                                    IT & software
                                                
                                                    Instruction & Tutoring
                                                
                                                    Lifestyle
                                                
                                                    Modern Technology
                                                
                                                    Personal development
                                                
                                                    Sports & health
                                                
                                                    Language
                                                
                                                    Business/Economy
                                                
                                                    Science
                                                
Find
  Search
Search trends:
#scrum
#agile
#kanban
#data security
#design thinking
Sign In 
Sign In 
Welcome to quofox
Sign up here
Or use your e-mail:
E-mail account
Password
   Sign in
Register now
Easy. Smart. Beloved.
Smart Learning Solutions for your teams.
For a new present.
Arrange a demo now
quofox
Learning Suite
The Smart Learning Solutions for your personnel development.
Learn more
quofox
Content Hub
High-Quality Training from experts all over the world.
Learn more
quofox
Learning Services
Personnel development made easy. We do the work for you.
Learn more
We are Germanys fastest growing tech startup and Europes edtech startup of the year! Education Technology Insights.
quofox
 Yes you can...
... but you dont have to. Thats why digitization was invented. To make our lives more flexible and freer in terms of space, content and time.We support companies and people through lifelong training to grow and to drive innovation. What does the digitization of personnel development offer in the midst of far-reaching social and digital transformation?
Do you need help?
quofox finishes second in the Deloitte Technology Fast 50.
quofox
 EASY - the word for our Business Learning Platform.
The quofox EASY Business Platform is a modern personnel development platform: intuitive, data-secure with structured, modular functions. The platform can be adapted barrier-free to the corporate structures and used as an internal training platform. The integrated access to a course cosystem extends the in-house training options, which are possible in all learning formats. From organization to processing – everything IS EASY. Learning paths and other Smart Learning Features support users in achieving the agreed goals on their own responsibility.
Learn more
ServiceNow, a global leader in workplace suite, is now a technology partner. Welcome to ServiceNow. We are very happy.
quofox White Papers
 New times create new personnel management
New Learning meets new HR – The digital TOP topics and their importance for HR and further education.
Our white papers inform and inspire – about the important and hidden influences in the field of continuing education and learning technology. Stay ahead of trends in HR, education and digital learning.
								Do you need help?
							
Welcome AI Business School to quofox! Together we are leaders in leadership development.
Content Marketplace
A  concept of success of humanity now for your devices: the  marketplace.
People need more than just course content to build new knowledge. They need equal, sustainable learning experiences. Whether you as a company want to develop your staff or as a single person new skills or share your knowledge with learners all over the world – here you will find what you need. Inspiring, high-quality and up-to-date.
							Visit Content Marketplace here
						
										Scrum
									
										Agile
									
										Servant Leadership
									
										Kanban
									
										Data security
									
										Information security
									
										Design Thinking
									
										Marketing
									
										Team building
									
The most important continuing education trends in 2021
quofox receives the Comenius EduMedia seal! Since 2015. Every year we are happy.
Smart Learning Features
 Changing world of work: How do you explain to young professionals in 2021 that an office day means going to the office?
Interview Sandra P., Sales Manager
To the interview
quofox has set itself the goal of making digital trainings as personal as face-to-face events.
Content Connector
 Accessibility – a matter of course for us
Technology makes sense if it simply improves our lives. quofox has dozens of interfaces, a growing number of APIs, and a team of integration experts. Ensure an accessible interface connection between your HR and LMS systems and a global course code system with one click. Easily connect external and internal course content, learning platforms, apps, and data you need for workforce development.
To the content connector
quofox helps Learning Experience and Management Platforms to meet the needs of our global learner, with quofoxs extensive content offering available in all relevant learning format
quofox
 MissionStay better, friendly & curious.
We work worldwide to find the best offer for you – for your life – your job – your company. From agile to big data, Scrum, Microsoft Office, meditation to the ten-finger system.
Learn more
Degreed is partnering with quofox to improve access to content, formats, and languages for our German clients. Its official!
Services
When would you like to be called?
quofox
Content Marketplace
For companies
For Academies
For instructors
Seal of quality
Support
Questions & Answers
Guide
Company
About us
Advisory board
Contact
Careers
Press & Blog
Whitepapers
Newsletter
Zur Newsletter Anmeldung
 English 
 English
 German
 French
Privacy notice
Terms and Conditions
Course Provider Terms and Conditions
Payment & Shipping
Withdrawal
Imprint
© 2023 quofox GmbH
Smart Learning Solutions.
Empowering & Qualification
Make an appointment
×
  
 
 
Name
Company
Email
Phone number (Optional)
Notes - When do you have time for us? (Optional)
Security query (Captcha)
Please enter the capital letters
Z
Z
U
U
A
A
B
B
By submitting I accept the terms and privacy policy
Make an appointment now