BECAUSE YOU CARE - Reactive RoboticsMENÜLog inendeutschHOMEVemotionCLINICALABOUT USCASESCAREERNEWSCONTACTFAQBECAUSE YOU CAREAssistive Medical Robotics for Very Early Mobilization of Critical Care Patients explore vemotion Home » BECAUSE YOU CARETECHNOLOGY HELPS MOBILIZATIONRevolutionizing very early mobilization with a patient-orientated approach: VEMOTIONTECHNOLOGY HELPS MOBILIZATIONRevolutionizing very early mobilization with a patient-orientated approach: VEMOTION
According to recent studies on manual mobilization, it is shown that mobilization can lead to an accelerated recovery process and contribute to regain independence.
Our solution – the VEMOTION – supplements manual therapy with an assistive robotic-system, supporting nurses and therapists in the mobilization of their patients.
 Read more  Patient-orientated care supported by VEMOTION:
Severely affected and also ventilated patients experience individual support already during a very early stage of their recovery process.
Mobilization is performed directly in patient’s ICU bed. Dangerous transfers of patients onto separate therapy devices are avoided.
Supported by robotics, the combination of verticalization and movement facilitates the mobilization.
Due to the individually adapted robotic support, your patients can perform familiar movement patterns in an almost upright position.
On top of that VEMOTION provides physical relief of ICU teams, robotic support reduces the strain on the back during mobilization.
News coming! 🎉Safety and Quality first!Our extensive diligent testing confirms “we are able to mobilize patients weighing up to 180 kg / 400 lbs“.
Verticalization up to 70 degrees combined with robot assisted gait movement. Back-friendly mobilization is feasible – we care for people who care!
What a physical relieve for nurses and therapists, who will be able to treat patients much more simply! Thanks to the team for the great work. 🤝
VEMOTION IN CLINICSReference clinicResearch partnerPilot clinicThe Vemotion in ActionVEMOTION is a useful addition to the rehabilitation team for the mobilization of post COVID-19 patients. By adjusting the training parameters, an ideal load for the patient seems to be found and a positive influence on the ventilation of the lungs, the cardiovascular, the digestive and the senso-motor system is obtained.
Primaria Dr. Pucks-FaesHead of Neurology, Tirol-Kliniken GmbH, LKH Hochzirl-Natters, Zirl
VEMOTION is a useful addition to the rehabilitation team for the mobilization of post COVID-19 patients. By adjusting the training parameters, an ideal load for the patient seems to be found and a positive influence on the ventilation of the lungs, the cardiovascular, the digestive and the senso-motor system is obtained.
Primaria Dr. Pucks-FaesHead of Neurology, Tirol-Kliniken GmbH, LKH Hochzirl-Natters, Zirl
 read more  OUR ASPIRATIONRobotics for the medical futureThe goal of Reactive Robotics is, to set the new gold standard of early mobilization of critically ill patients.
Mittels robotischer Assistenzsysteme
We assist nurses and therapists in taking care of their patients
We facilitate mobilization of critically ill patients
We make care patient-centered by allowing robotics to work hand-in-hand with nurses and therapists
We improve economic efficiency in the health care system.
Our clients are hospitals that want to provide their patients with the best possible care during their path towards recovery while supporting their clinical staff with the best available technology.
OUR MOTIVATIONTHE IMPORTANCE OF EARLY MOBILIZATIONOUR MOTIVATIONTHE IMPORTANCE OF EARLY MOBILIZATIONScientific studies show:
ICU patients, who received manual early mobilization, recover faster than patients, which do not receive this very early mobilization therapy.
With early mobilization:
Secondary complications can be prevented
Vigilance criteria can be improved
Cardiovascular functions supported
 read more  News read more  IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT VEMOTIONWhat exactly is the VEMOTION?What are the components of the VEMOTION?Which patients benefit most from the mobilization?Are there contraindications for a mobilization with the VEMOTION?NewsletterStay updated with our newsletter
 Sign-Up ContactPlease feel free to contact us with any inquiry you might have.
+49 (0)89 960 4033-00info@reactive-robotics.comLandsbergerstr. 234 80687 Munich, Germany© Reactive Robotics GmbH – All rights reserved
Webdevelopment von ALEKS & SHANTU GmbH
Privacy PolicyImprintGeneral TermsPrivacy Settings© Reactive Robotics GmbH – All rights reserved
Webdevelopment von ALEKS & SHANTU GmbH