Refined Laser Systems – Robust and rapidly tunable dual-color all-fiber picosecond lasers for life science applications and diagnostics
 
Skip to content
 
Application
Coherent Raman
Pathology
Products
PICUS DUO & OEM
PICUS Q
Noctua SRS imaging system
News
Career
Company
Contact
 
Home 
 
 
WELCOME TO REFINED LASER SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
histology within minutesStain-free and section-free 
Refined Lasers offers a novel technology for stain-free tissue diagnostics within minutes. Based on a stain-free yet molecular-specific microscope, our histology solution delivers tissue images with H&E-equivalent contrast from freshly excised, thick specimens. Without the need for time-consuming staining or sectioning, our solution allows minimizing the time required for a reliable diagnosis to just a few minutes. 
 
H&E image of breast cancer tissue. 
Latest news 
 
5
Apr 23
Focus on Microscopy 
We are at the FOCUS ON MICROSCOPY conference in Porto this week! Our team is thrilled to present our novel NOCTUA stimulated Raman imaging system, which allows for highly specific imaging of living cells without the need for fluorescent labels. By exciting intrinsic molecular bonds in the specimen, we can provide novel insights into cellular processes like lipid metabolism and pharmacokinetics. Come meet Niklas Lüpken and Max Brinkmann to see how we can upgrade your microscope and take your research to the next level!
2
Feb 23
PW Exhibition 2023 
Photonics West exhibition is in full swing and a big success for us. Stop by our booth 3342 to learn aboutHigh purity single photon generation with our Picus Q, tunable picosecond laser.Label-free, chemically specific cell and tissue imaging with our stimulated Raman imaging solution.
26
Jan 23
Refined Laser Systems raised 2.7 Mio. € to diagnose cancer in minutes 
Very exciting news from Refined Laser Systems! We’ve developed an innovative microscopy procedure that can support pathology in diagnosing cancer within minutes and avoid revision surgeries. With funding led by High-Tech Gründerfonds and APEX Ventures, alongside Onsight Ventures, NRW.BANK, Papst Venture Capital, we’re able to develop an intraoperative microscope that identifies tumor margins directly in the surgery room. With a diagnosis within minutes by a remote pathologist and AI assistance, we’re changing the game for cancer diagnosis. We are very grateful for the support and guidance of our investors and business angels, including Thomas Merk, former EVP of leading laser manufacturer Coherent, Hans-Michael Hauser, former partner at BCG, and biophotonics expert Dr. Werner Falkenstein. A huge thank you to our team, mentors, friends, and supporters for helping us reach this great milestone! 
Full press release:
https://www.htgf.de/en/seed-investment-refined-laser-systems/
Next » 
Subscribe to our newsletter 
First name or full name
Email
 By continuing, you accept the privacy policy
Linkedin
2023 (c) Refined Laser Systems -
Next Generation Tunable Fiber Laser   
Cookie-Richtlinie (EU)
Privacy Statement (EU)
Imprint
 
Manage Cookie Consent
Wir verwenden Cookies, um unsere Website und unseren Service zu optimieren.
Funktional
Funktional
								Immer aktiv							
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Vorlieben
Vorlieben
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
0
0
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
0
0
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Optionen verwalten
Dienste verwalten
Anbieter verwalten
Lese mehr über diese Zwecke
Cookies akzeptieren
0
Einstellungen anzeigen
Einstellungen speichern
Einstellungen anzeigen
{title}
{title}
{title}
Zustimmung verwalten
Sofern Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen ändern möchten z.B. Erteilung von Einwilligungen, Widerruf bereits erteilter Einwilligungen klicken Sie auf nachfolgenden Button.                    
                        Einstellungen                    
 
 
 Datenschutz
 Details
Impressum
|
Datenschutzerklärung
 
                            Wir, Refined Laser Systems GmbH (Firmensitz: Deutschland), verarbeiten zum Betrieb dieser Website personenbezogene Daten nur im technisch unbedingt notwendigen Umfang. Alle Details dazu in unserer Datenschutzerklärung.                        
 
 Datenschutz
 Details
Impressum
|
Datenschutzerklärung
 
                            Wir, Refined Laser Systems GmbH (Firmensitz: Deutschland), verarbeiten zum Betrieb dieser Website personenbezogene Daten nur im technisch unbedingt notwendigen Umfang. Alle Details dazu in unserer Datenschutzerklärung.                        
 
                                    Details werden geladen                                
                            Zurück                        
                            Ok                        
 
                                    Ok                                
Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverständnis aus.OKNein
Du kannst deine Zustimmung jederzeit widerrufen, indem du den den Button „Zustimmung widerrufen“ klickst.Zustimmung wiederrufen