Delivering Digital Products | CTO as a Service | Rocketloop
Skip to content
 
Solutions   
Case Studies 
About 
Jobs 
Blog 
DE
EN
 
Get in Touch
 
 
CTO as a Service 
 
Funded Startups 
Corporate Organizations 
Rocketloop Labs 
 
AI Powered Products 
Corporate R&D 
Capabilities 
 
Software Engineering 
Machine Learning & AI 
Strategy & Consulting 
CTO AS A SERVICE 
Delivering Digital Products That Shape the Future 
Our passion is creating world-class digital solutions. We help startups and corporations alike to create and sustain digital innovation. By bringing the team, processes, skills, and years of experience, we make your digital products successful.This is what we call CTO as a Service. 
Healthcare | Startup
In only 18 months, Rocketloop developed a smart, dependable, and scalable bedside assistant that helps healthcare workers throughout Europe
Finance | Corporation
Our AI reads, summarizes, and assesses thousands of news articles daily to provide risk managers with the most relevant news available
Healthcare | Startup
To fight COVID-19, we completed the design and development to bring TeleMedicine to Europe’s ICUs in just two months with a 100% remote international team
Manufacturing | Corporation
Thanks to the digitalization of customer service processes, we have reduced the turnaround time of service requests by 32% and have fully automated frequent requests
 
We Help Solve Your Biggest Challenges 
CTO as a Service is a cost-effective solution for your immediate needs and long-term challenges. Fill knowledge gaps within your current staff with our interdisciplinary team and only pay for the services you need. This way, we can start software development quickly without wasting time hiring your own team. 
We Work With Startups to Enterprises 
We help create products to solve real problems, build brands, and grow businesses. Our clients come from across industries but with a similar goal – they leverage technology to shake their markets, capture new growth, and set a new high bar for digital leadership. 
CTO as a Service for Funded Startups 
Finding a CTO for a startup can be difficult, but we work to make it easy. We take the lead in your software and product engineering so your center of focus can be on shaping your business, sales, marketing, and maintaining relations with investors. 
Learn More
CTO as a Service forCorporate Organizations 
We bring fast and innovative digital product development processes to the corporate world. With our CTO services, access an expert leadership and engineering team that has the desire to drive your idea and vision forward. 
Learn More
We Know Digital Product Development 
Our CTO as a Service allows you to fully focus on your field of expertise, while we make sure that your project is completed in time, developed further, and operated securely. With our strong technical background, we deliver one-of-a-kind experiences to manage, expand, and maximize your digital leadership. 
BuildingWeb Apps We deliver world-class user experiences using the latest web technologies that run in every browser. Our applications are fast, sophisticated, user-focused, secure, maintainable, and run on-premise or scalable cloud environments.
BuildingMobile Apps Our apps run across all popular platforms and combine the development speed of web technologies with the user experience of native apps. Using the best technologies, we can develop a reliable app and help your business scale to millions of users.
AI and Machine Learning We craft customized applied machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions to automate, understand, and grow your organization. We create state-of-the-art and advanced technological solutions for your real-world challenges.
Developing Front Ends The web front ends built at Rocketloop take advantage of the latest technology and web standards to provide rich user experiences that run everywhere. Using Angular as a framework allows us to focus on creating the most stunning user experiences.
Developing Back Ends Designed with security and maintainability in mind, we leverage 12-factors to create cloud-native and highly scalable web services running in virtually every environment. We use CI/CD built, tested, and deployed containerized solutions.
Creating User Experiences In our mind, a great user experience is what makes a great digital product. That’s why we always look at challenges from the user’s perspective. Our UX designers enable your business to deliver value to your customers in the most intuitive way possible.
Technology Consulting We love to share our knowledge about engineering processes, software architecture, security, data, and general best practices. In the past, we’ve helped companies improve their internal processes, hire top-tire CTOs, and conduct technical due diligences.
Designing Architectures Complex digital products often require sophisticated software architectures. With CTO as a Service, our experienced team will help you choose the right technology and create the ideal architecture for your product, always striving for the best solution and design.
Where our Customers are Showcased 
 
 
 
 
 
We Would Love toHear From You! 
Get in touch today by using the form to the right, send us an email, or call us directly! 
Frankfurt 
 
hello.frankfurt@rocketloop.de
 
+49 (0) 69 34876289
New York 
 
hello.newyork@rocketloop.de
 
+1 (212) 432 5837
I am part of a 
 
Please select... 
Corporate Organization 
Growing Startup 
I would like to know more about 
 
Please select…
machine learning 
app development 
UX and UI Design 
other 
 
Yes, I have read and understood the Privacy Policy and agree that the data I provide may be collected and stored electronically. My data will only be used strictly for the purpose of processing and answering my request. By submitting the contact form, I agree to the processing of my data. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. 
 
Submit
 
Facebook
 
Github
 
Linkedin
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
Ⓒ Rocketloop 2023 
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Notice
 
 Menu
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Notice
 
Solutions
CTO as a ServiceRocketloop LabsSkills & Capabilities
Case Studies 
About 
Jobs 
Blog 
Contact 
Thank You! 
We have received your message and someone will get back to you shortly! 
 
Let's Start Building Something Great Together! 
Are you ready to get started on the development of your product? Wait no longer! Enter your email below and one of our team members will contact you soon! 
Your data is collected for the sole purpose of contacting you. Please read our Privacy Policy for more info 
 
Get Started
This Website Uses Cookies 
We use cookies to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. You can consent to the use of such technologies by closing this notice, by interacting with any link or button outside of this notice, or by continuing to browse otherwise. You can read more about our cookie consent policy here. 