RYNX – Smart Mechanical Displays
Primary Menu RYNX
Technology
Waitlist
About
Contact
  
 
Connect your 
HomeOfficeBusiness  
Your smart mechanical display 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Connected 
Connect your display to multiple apps, services, APIs, or customized webhooks to show the most current information. This is displayed immediately (instant) or at predetermined intervals. Additionally, countdowns can alert you when deadlines are approaching. Or simply get messages from friends and family. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moving 
As the content changes, the rings slowly begin to move through black and white patterns until each ring reaches its position. An accompanying gentle clacking sound draws attention for a brief moment. With the precise printing of mechanical rings, the desired text is displayed without the use of electricity. 
Advantages
Excellent contrast and readabilityUltra low energy consumptionNo use of rare-earth elementsRobust and durable
 
Unique 
When you see something for the first time, it is magical. It arouses your natural curiosity. It stimulates your desire to understand and use it. You want to know why something is done this way. How did it not exist before? Find out. 
											0									
						%					
 
 
 
 
 
 
Home 
The smart home gadget you’ve been waiting for. With just a few clicks, you can create your own smart service or browse our great selection of pre-built apps. You can show the current Bitcoin price or weather information on your display. Show the time in the most beautiful way possible, or view the messages from your friends and family. 
Spotify
Telegram
Weather
Instagram
Coinbase
and hundreds more
 
 
Office 
Upgrade your office, agency or innovation lab with a few smart displays from RYNX. You can show your visitors information on events or communicate important deadlines and KPIs to your employees. Use one of the most unique displays available to stay in touch and show your appreciation to your crowd. 
Slack
Calendar
Zoom
Trello
Salesforce
and dozens more
 
 
Business 
Use our displays in your cafe, bar, restaurant or hotel to communicate upcoming events with your valuable customers. You don’t have to settle for mediocre TVs anymore. Stand out from your competition. Impress your customers and make a lasting impression with a totally new kind of display experience. 
Events
Menus
Happy hours
Greetings
Social media likes
and many more
 
 
“As someone who loves split-flap displays, this is awesome.”
“Flip dots are already cool, but this might be even cooler.”
“Yeah, I love the clicky sounds of electromechanical displays updating.”
“It’s furniture as a fashion statement.”
“Reminds me of those old airport/train station timetables”
An interdisciplinary approach 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Technology 
The robust and maintenance-free reluctance motors that drives the rings are developed in-house and provide high efficiency. Since they do not use rare-earth elements, they are extremely eco-friendly. Each motor controls one to five rings via a carrier system. 
MADE IN GERMANY 
 
Innovation 
Iterative optimization of the characteristic pattern creates beautiful fonts. In spite of containing only a few pixels, it can display any character in a variety of font styles and weights thanks to how it’s laid out. 
 
 
Design 
Retro-futuristic design gives the displays their iconic appearance. Both the 8-bit font and the mechanics seem to hail from a bygone era. What is their origin and why have you never seen these before? 
 
For the unique... 
For those who are not afraid to stand out and don’t try to fit in. Those who simply are themselves and allow the world to adapt around them. This is for you. 
...and the curious 
For those who are playful and take the time to understand the world better. Those who enjoy, embrace and celebrate life through every moment. 
 
Efficient 
While conventional displays need energy continuously to show content, RYNX displays only use electricity for a short time when the content changes. In continuous use, an LCD TV consumes up to 1,000 kWh / 400 kg CO2 / 300 euros per year. 
 
Durable 
Conventional displays have to be replaced after only a few years in professional use. Our displays are designed to last. This is due to the simple construction, which only uses parts that are operated well below their usage limit. 
 
Recyclable 
The modularity of our displays allows individual components to be exchanged, so it is not necessary to replace the entire display. When selecting the components, we avoid using rare earths or other critical elements. 
 
“Pretty awesome that after all those decades of clever display mechanisms being invented, you came up with a new one with a cool factor tantamount to flip characters.”
“That is really unique and innovative! It is like you took a 7-seg display, sliced it vertically and pasted it on a rotating tube.”
“Wow. It’s amazing to me that this row of pixels can make all the combinations needed to write any letter.”
“This looks much more efficient than flip dots.”
All for this one moment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This is for you 
 
Waitlist / Newsletter
 
“Holy crap I want one”
“That’s so fucking cool!”
“Love it.”
“Awesome!”
“I need this”
“This is just wonderful!”
“Love this.”
“Pretty neat”
“I want this!”
“This is so cool!”
“Love it.”
“Awesome”
About RYNX 
Background 
In the designing of RYNX, we drew inspiration from the old split-flap displays found at airports. A new type of display with it’s own iconic design was created that’s far more efficient and robust than similar displays. 
Partners 
RYNX is developed in close collaboration with customers and is a result of partnerships with many developers and pilot customers. We are always open to new collaborations and ideas. Don’t hesitate to contact us.
 
Team 
Founded collectively by a team of interdisciplinary experts, the team’s common goal is to create a new type of display that is better than any that is currently available. Get in touch if you would like to work with us. 
 
 Play Video
 
 Play Video
 
 Play Video
Get in Touch 
 
 
 
 
 NAME
 
 E-MAIL
 
 SUBJECT
 
 MESSAGE
 
I agree that my data will be used to process the request (see Privacy Policy).
Is this spam? 
 
Please leave this field empty.
 
 
 
 
Imprint
Privacy Policy
 
© Copyright 2021 RYNX GmbH