scarab-bi – Price Tracking and Analytics
 
Home
our-mission
our-service
News
faq
Log In
 
we believe in ‘learning from the past’ and provide the required tool.
Scarab helps you monitoring your product distribution throughout the web by providing crawled data with high Reliability in the long run.
Our crawlers are trained to track each relevant piece of data required by our customers in each iteration irrespective of any circumstances like changed elements in the web shop distributing the observed product or short-term unavailability of data. Whenever issues described before hands arise, our algorithms recognize those which triggers follow up tasks like repeating the crawl, normalizing the data or informing the customer.
go to our service            
              
our mission: improving data quality
Our aim is to raise the transparency over all marketing  activities of our customers products  to allow optimization.
go to our mission            
                  
our latest news
go to all news            
                  
Jan 05 2020, 9:00 am
                    Scarab 2.0 functionality Launch.
                    +
                      Today we took Scarab to the next level. We have been running for last one and half year and then had learned many things over this journey. As per our motto "learning from the past" we upgraded many aspects e.g. new crawler infrastructure, more frequent crawling, getting all the amazon sellers automatically. In a nutshell it is an improvement which allows you to "Setup Less and Get More".
                    
Know More           
                      
May 01 2019, 7:00 pm
                    Scarab is now on Cloud !
                    +
                      For past one year we were operating from a traditional hosting infrastructure platform. But then due to the large amount of data and processing the upgrade to Cloud was on cards. Today we did that successfully where we migrated all the customers, users and millions of rows of data on the new Cloud Platform.
                    
Know More            
                      
Contact us
Thanks for Contacting Scarab. Our representative will be in touch shortly.
Not able to get your information. Please try after some time
mail: info@scarab-bi.de
send            
                  
Impressum
datenschutz
AGB
© 2021 Scarab-bi All Rights Reserved
1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 1
1 1 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0
1 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1
1 0 1 0 1 1 0 0 1 0
0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 1 0
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
 
								Necessary							
Necessary
Always Enabled 
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
								Non-necessary							
Non-necessary
 
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
SAVE & ACCEPT
  