Find an Office Space with Setting HQ
Find your Office
Offices in Berlin
Offices in Hamburg
Offices in München
Offices in Cologne
Offices in Frankfurt
Office Search
Office Services
Spaces On-Demand
About
+49 30 5858 1987
List your space
Contact us
+49 30 5858 1987
[email protected]
View available spaces
100% Verified • Fast Response
Find your perfect office
                Fully managed, sublet, and traditional leases—we cover it all.
              
Where in Berlin?
Berlin
Hamburg
Munich
Cologne
FrankfurtCharlottenburg
Friedrichshain
Kreuzberg
Mitte
Neukölln
Prenzlauer Berg
Schöneberg
Tempelhof
Wilmersdorf
How many people?
1-4
5-9
10-19
20-29
30-49
50+
 
Is your team growing?
              Let's explore a tailor-made solution
              
        Trusted by
      
The Setting Promise
Get A Response Within 48 hours
Whether you’re searching for an office space or listing one, our platform promise is to connect you with interested parties within 48 hours of your initial office request.
Simplify Your Search
Easily set up your own profile for free, and select the listings or tenants that best match your office requirements.
Get Real Responses
All relevant listings are verified before they go on our platform, which means all responses you receive are authentic.
Fair to All Parties
Both landlords and tenants benefit from fair, transparent transactions on our platform.
From flexible to long-term: discover our office types
Setting´s versatile office solutions, including hybrid set-ups, on-demand workspaces, and long-term offices, can empower your team to thrive.
Open Space
1-100 people
Shared open spaces and hot desks, with common areas that have fantastic amenities
Private Office
5-20 people
Dedicated offices for your team in a larger building, with common areas and operational services included
Independent Space
15-100 people
Fully-equipped, private office spaces tailored to your needs and ready-to-use
Traditional Office
20+ people
Unfurnished space ready to be decorated to match your company culture, rented for a longer period of time
Why Teams Choose Setting
Full Market Access
Whether you're looking for coworking, traditional, or private office spaces, we have our ears on the market at all times.
Customizable Solutions
Remote-first, hybrid, or on-demand workspaces—our solutions are modern and flexible, and on your terms.
No Hidden Fees
We’re on your side when you search for an office space. That means no surprise fees or last-minute extra costs.
Offices In Berlin
Offices in Berlin Mitte
Offices in Prenzlauer Berg
Offices In Berlin Kreuzberg
Offices In Hamburg
Offices In Hamburg Altona
Offices In Hamburg Eimsbüttel
Offices in Winterhude
Offices In Munich
Offices In Munich Maxvorstadt
Offices In Munich Schwabing
Offices in Bogenhausen
Offices In Frankfurt
Offices In Frankfurt Bornheim
Offices in Sachsenhausen
Offices In Frankfurt Nordend
Offices In Cologne
Offices In Cologne Ehrenfeld
Offices In Cologne Südstadt
Offices In Cologne Deutz
We're trusted by some of the best companies
From established companies to small start-ups, Setting is trusted by many brands that are changing the world.
Let us help you with your office needs
Our mission is to find the ideal office space for you. We provide fresh, flexible, and pragmatic options that are tailored to your team´s needs, regardless of whether you´re in the early stages of a company or experiencing rapid growth.
Online Marketplace
Find the perfect space on our online marketplace. Our platform is tailored to help you navigate the modern business environment—and it’s always free of charge and risk-free.
View Spaces
Office Services
Need a hand with day-to-day operational activities in your office? We offer consultation and services—from interior design to advice about contracts—to help you focus on your core business.
Learn more
Our Story
Your workspace is more than just a physical space. Together, we are constructing the future of work by bridging the gap between traditional real estate values and modern working needs. We make space work.
Learn more
Latest Offices in Berlin
View more spaces
      Office Gormannstraße 14
    
          120 m² 
            |
            4.200,00€ / Month
        
      Office Münzstraße 21-23
    
          170 m² 
        
      Office Rosenthaler Straße 36
    
          160 m² 
            |
            6.880,00€ / Month
        
View more spaces
Workplace Trends and Insights
View More Posts
Stay up to date with the latest news about office trends, productivity hacks and the future of work.
9 Tipps, die deine Produktivität und Motivation im Büro steigern
            Wie kann ein gemütliches, clever-eingerichtetes Büro deine Produktivität steigern? Studien zeigen: In einem gemütlichen Büro zu arbeiten, kann die...
          
Interview with Robert Hinsch, Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Torq Partners
            For the third instalment in our office series, “What Does the Office Space Mean to You?”, Setting sat down with Robert Hinsch, Managing Partner and...
          
How to heat your office space this winter
            As fall transforms into winter, and the energy crisis continues to worry people in the office and at home, many companies are asking a very simple...
          
View More Posts
List your space with Setting
          Rent out your vacant office space to the best-in-class tenants.
        
List your space
Deutsch
Setting HQ is the leading office marketplace for startups, scaleups, and innovators. From world-renowned brands to local businesses, our mission is to identify a space that perfectly matches your unique personality and culture—creating a custom solution for you and your team.
Sitemap
About
Career
Blog
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Imprint
German Cities
Offices in Berlin
Offices in Cologne
Offices in Frankfurt
Offices in Hamburg
Offices in München