- spotsize® - THE NEW NORMAL of personalized shopping
 
Home
Product
Technology
App
About Us
Career
Press
Contact Us
Search
 
Virtual Fittingwith spotsize®
How spotsize® benefits your Online Footwear BusinessReduces Returns While Increasing Conversion Rates
Improved accuracy positively effects consumer confidence and brand loyalty, reduces size related returns, and lowers CO2 emissions.
Improves Brand Image
Show that your brand is cutting edge, at the forefront of environmental leadership, and attentive to your customer’s needs.
Enhances Customer Personalisation for More Accurate Insights
Understand more about your customers’ needs and preferences, trends and insights into sizes from around the world.
Here is how it worksIt’s easy as one, two, three! Scan the code, scan your foot, buy your perfect size, DONE!
You found the right shoe. Great. Now find the right size.
Pic_01
Scan the QR-Code
Pic_02
Follow the directions
Pic_03
Return to checkoutspotsize® - for virtual fittingGo ahead. Just try it!We currently support Apple iPhone XS and higher.
sneaker_01
spot your size
sneaker_02
spot your size
sneaker_05
spot your size
sneaker_07
spot your sizeThe Integration of spotsize® is super easyspotsize® is a cloud service (SaaS) designed to seamlessly integrate with a retailer’s or brand’s  web shop or mobile shopping App by simply calling it as a web service. spotsize® is designed to make the consumer’s experience pleasant while leveraging the past investments in e-commerce infrastructure and mobile app development into the future.
What makes spotsize® Revolutionary?spotsize® is the only service available that actually scans your foot to create a 3D digital twin, measuring its volume as well as length and width. This is not a simple “size by comparison” fill-out form. Its a fact: More higher precision means lower returns and CO2 emissions. spotsize® links with your shoe Last size chart in order to provide an accurate recommendation between foot and footwear.
spotsize® rethink your e-commerce businessspotsize® PricingSTARTER PACKAGEThe Entry level package for small businesses as Software as a Service (Saas) in the cloud.
990€per Month
PROFESSIONAL EDITIONThe Advanced package for midsize business as Software as a Service (SaaS) in the cloud. 
from 1.900€per Month
ENTERPRISE EDITIONThe Enterprise, large Business Software as a Service (SaaS) in the cloud.
on request
The future is Virtual Fittingspotsize® – The driving force behind THE NEW NORMAL of personalized shopping. We are a fashion-tech cloud company with the mission to help save the US$ 600 billion global foot wear and apparel market from its greatest problem: size-related returns.
Talk to our spotsize® Sales Team
 
 
 
image/svg+xml
Loading...
 
CONTACTinfo@spotsize.io
www.spotsize.io
LUDWIGSHAFENspotsize GmbH
Donnersbergweg 1
67059 Ludwigshafen, Germany
+49 621 – 15 028 305
MANNHEIMspotsize GmbH
Hafenstraße 25 – 27
68159 Mannheim, Germany
+49 621 – 15 028 305
data protectionImprintpress kit
© 2023 spotsize® - THE NEW NORMAL of personalized shopping. All rights reserved
 
 
Privacy Preference Center
Privacy Preferences
This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we will assume your consent.OKNoData Protection
You can revoke your consent at any time by clicking the "Revoke consent" button.Revoke consent