TINY Technologies - Bioavailability Optimization Systems
 Skip to content
 HomeTechnologiesTINYsphereTINYsomeIngredientsServicesAboutTeamTimelineWe are hiringFAQContact 
HomePatrick2022-03-20T20:52:58+01:00 
SUPERIOR  BIOAVAILABILITYRESEARCH & PRODUCTIONWith our patented technologies, we drastically increase the bioavailability of active ingredients and deliver the best nutritional supplements, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as white label or private label.
0Active researchers0Delivery Systems in development0Patent application0PhD theses0Master theses0bachelor thesesUSPs OF OUR DELIVERY SYSTEMSOptimal bioavailability
The best bioavailability for water-soluble and fat-soluble active ingredients. Depending on the active ingredient, XX-fold increased bioavailability can be advertised. Necessary bioavailability studies can be supplied by us.
Faster effect
Due to the small size of the particles in our systems, absorption already occurs sublingually via the oral mucosa. Thus, the active ingredient is already detectable in the blood plasma after 5 minutes.
Longer effect
Longer lasting time in the body due to reduced metabolization.
Fewer side effects
The risk of side effects is reduced, because end users only need to ingest a fraction of the active ingredient.
Cost effective
Through optimal bioavailability, we achieve improved cost efficiency for the consumer. For the same desired effect, only a fraction of the active ingredient needs to be ingested.
Water solubility
Fat-soluble active ingredients as water-soluble liquid. Our products mix immediately with water without any loss of quality. Find here a comparison video with a competitor.
Flexibility
Our systems can be adapted to individual requirements. This allows for a variety of unique product and formulation developments for any application form.
Scientifically proven
Our systems are developed in cooperation with the University of Hamburg and each of our USPs is based on scientific facts.
Natural Ingredients
Our systems consist of purely natural ingredients to ensure compatibility and sustainability.
Natural taste
We use natural botanicals to provide a well-rounded taste experience.
OUR CONCEPTThe usual approach of taking an active ingredient and calling it a finished product is not nearly enough for us. When we talk about increased bioavailability, we go the extra mile to push the envelope of what active substances can do for our health.
What is the most effective transport system? What body functions are relevant to the uptake and metabolism of a specific active ingredient? What synergistic combinations can be exploited to increase uptake and enhance the desired effect?
These are the questions that need to be answered to develop innovative and efficient solutions.
TINY Technologies develops products that are characterized by:
Significantly increased bioavailability
High effectiveness due to the combination of synergistic ingredients
Fewer side effects due to a reduced need for active ingredients
High compatibility due to the use of natural ingredients
Based on a scientific approach, we follow a holistic path to develop new and improved nutritional supplements, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals for our partners.
SCIENCE IS IN OUR DNACONTACT
 
 
Privacy PolicyImprintTOS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page load link
 
Go to Top