traceless | materials designed for nature
top of page
traceess logo
homematerialsimpactcooperationsabout uscareersnewsMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.
We are hiring! > Learn moreWe envision a world where the materials we use impact positively on the planet, rather than leading to pollution and waste. Therefore we take nature as an example, since in nature there is no such thing as waste, instead resources are kept in continuous cycles.FOR A FUTURE 
FREE OF POLLUTION AND WASTE MATERIALS
DESIGNED FOR NATURE We produce traceless® materials as a granulate which can be further processed into a wide range of end products. They're a fully natural, biocircular alternative - just like natural materials, they are sustainable in all aspects, and truly leave no trace.
THAT'S THE IMPACT >A NEW GENERATION 
OF MATERIALSWe have developed an innovative, patent-pending technology to make use of natural biopolymers: Extracted from plant leftovers of the agricultural industry, we turn them into a novel generation of bio-circular and plastic-free materials.
​
DISCOVER OUR MATERIALS >traceless® rigid applicationpress to zoomtraceless® film applicationpress to zoomtraceless® coating applicationpress to zoomtraceless® rigid applicationpress to zoom1/4
  BASED ON PLANT RESIDUES
​
100% biobased carbon content  
fossil free
based on by-products of agricultural food production 
second generation biomass, no food & land-use-change conflict
BASED ON PLANT RESIDUESNATURALLY COMPOSTABLE
​
certified home compostable
designed for the biological cycle
becomes organic nutrient in 2-9 weeks (depending on thickness)
safely disposable in all other waste streams without affecting recyclability or treatment, becoming a renewable energy source.
NATURALLY COMPOSTABLE
PLASTIC-FREE & FREE OF TOXICSPLASTIC-FREE & FREE OF TOXIC CHEMICALS
 
traceless base material is certified 100% plastic free (flustix plastic-free product)​
only environmentally friendly substances in product and production process -  -  harmless for humans and nature
  CLIMATE FRIENDLY
​
over the whole life cycle, traceless saves up to 76% climate emissions compared to virgin plastics
in production and disposal, traceless saves up to 95% climate emissions compared to virgin plastics
renewable, non-fossil raw materials
saves 83% fossil energy demand during production
CLIMATE
FRIENDLY  COMPETITIVE TO PLASTICS
 
beneficial properties of plastics - suitable for a wide range of use cases
can be processed like plastics - suitable for many standard converting technologies (e.g. injection moulding)
quality competitive to plastics
price competitive to plastics at industrial production scale
COMPETITIVE TO PLASTICS
Materials & Certificates
BASED ON
NATURAL POLYMERStraceless® materials leave behind the familiar categories of the (bio)plastic age - and open up a new generation of materials: natural polymers! These natural molecules can be extracted from plant residues, resulting in a fully natural, certified plastic-free material.
They are not only bio-based, but even based on biological residues. For biodegradation, they don‘t need industrial composting conditions, but are certified home compostable. 
PBAT
Bio 
PET
Industrially 
degradable
Biobased 
Non 
degradable
Naturally 
degradable
Biobased 
residues
starch 
blends
Conventional 
plastics 
PP, PE, PS, …
area scaled by 
factor 0,1
Bio 
PA
Bio 
PE
PLA
traceless 
materials
Bio PP
Bio 
PTT
PHA
PBS
Fossil 
based
These natural polymer molecules are the key for traceless®' excellent compostability: Because nature has produced them, the natural microorganisms out there already know how to handle them, and can easily digest them. 
 
Depending on the conditions and the thickness of the material, composting takes only 2-9 weeks. traceless® is certified home compostable. Composting test of traceless material (left, thickness 0,2 and 1,6mm), compared to a film cutout of a commercially available organic waste bag (right, thickness 0,03mm, certified EN13432 compostable).DESIGNED FOR THE BIOLOGICAL CYCLEtraceless® materials are biocircular - they can integrate into the natural material cycle, just like plants and other natural materials. 
 
Follow their way through the biological cycle, and see how they truly leave no trace:PLANT RESIDUESAs a raw material, we use by-products of agricultural food production, like starch production leftovers or brewery residues. By valorizing second-generation biomass, we avoid food and land-use change conflicts.TRACELESS
MATERIALUsing our innovative, patent-pending process technology, we extract natural biopolymers from the plant residues, and turn them into our plastic-free traceless® base material in granulate form.FURTHER 
PROCESSINGIn a next step, the converting industry turns our base material granulate into flexible films, rigid material applications, or coating & adhesive solutions, using standard technologies for plastic processing.PRODUCT
APPLICATIONStraceless® materials are particulary suitable for products where multiuse or recycling is difficult, and where a natural plastic alternative is a more sustainable solution.
 ® 
​DISPOSALUnder natural composting conditions, our materials break down in water, humus and CO2 in just a few weeks. In other waste stream, they won't affect recyclability, but will get incinerated and become a source of renewable energy - which is further improving the carbon footprint of the material!END & BEGINNING
OF THE BIOCYCLE
​ORGANIC NUTRIENT & CO2 Through composting or incineration, traceless® materials become organic nutrients for new plants to grow, or help replace fossil-based energy with renewable energy. This way the renewable carbon cycle is closed, and they truly leave no trace!PARTNER NETWORKAWARDS & CERTIFICATESLATEST NEWSPackaging on track to sustainability: with natural biomaterials!From trend to transition: Plastic-free solutions in fashion at the Sustainability SummitOfficially certified Home Compostable - traceless leaves no traces!NEWS BLOG
You would like to write about traceless, and are wondering where to find more info? Have a look at our press & media site!PRESS & MEDIA
newsletterFOLLOW OUR TRACESYou'd like to be among the first to hear about our latest steps and developments? 
Sign up for our monthly newsletter here! I agree to my personal data being stored and used to receive this newsletter according to the privacy policySubscribeJust one more click...
We wanna be sure it's really you - so please check your inbox, and confirm your subscription.
Thank you!© 2023 TRACELESS MATERIALS GMBHPRESS & MEDIAIMPRINTPRIVACY POLICYCONTACTbottom of page