Home | Trusted Returns GmbH
logo
Menu
                Platform
            
                News
            
                Know How
            
                Company
            
                Contact Us
            
We are the platform that transforms the often negative experience with returns into a positive consumer experience and at the same time provides the retailer with more sales and savings.
Challenges
Returns cause problems for consumers and retailers alike that have not yet been fully resolved.
Consumers
are annoyed about the lack of freedom in the choice of delivery points and carriers.
are frustrated because they cannot simply exchange goods.
wondering when or if they will get a refund for their return.
Experience a different, non-standardized returns process for each retailer
Retailers
run the risk of losing customers due to a negative consumer experience.
suffer from consumer expectations that everything can be returned at any time free of charge.
need Overview / Access / Support for purchasing and integration of solutions.
bear high costs due to non-optimized and automated returns processes.
Our Solution
We provide the platform through which all returns processes are managed holistically and an ecosystem in which all solution components are available to all participants.
go to product
One platform and ecosystem for retailers and consumers
to minimize costs and effort.
increase transparency and quality of process-relevant information.
to simplify the handling for the consumer and retailer.
to learn more about the consumer and the product catalogue.
to offer optimized and country-specific returns logistics.
to meet the expectations of the consumers.
back to top
©2023 Trusted Returns GmbH. All Rights Reserved.
                            English
                
                                                                            English
                                            
                                                                            Deutsch
                                            
 
Privacy Policy
Imprint