Uncap - We invest in your entrepreneurial potential
    
 
 
Home
About
Newsroom
FAQ
Entrepreneur Stories
 
 Menu
Home
About
Newsroom
FAQ
Entrepreneur Stories
 
Sign in
Sign up
We investin your pitchdeckentrepreneurial potential 
Sign up to be the first to know once our 2023 investment cohort opens. 
 
Join the waitlist
 
A new way of early-stage funding 
We are creating a new approach to funding early-stage entrepreneurs, using a remote, data-driven, and largely automated investment selection process. Our solution measures entrepreneurial potential through a series of tests that evaluate skills & behaviors correlated with entrepreneurial success. We conduct our evaluation and due diligence remotely then invest in successful applicants through a standardized revenue-sharing model. This highly automated approach allows us to provide funding to thousands of entrepreneurs.  
Why apply to Uncap 
Are you ready? 
Join the waitlist
 
10-50k EUR​ 
We invest between 10,000 - 50,000 EUR to cover your early-stage funding need. 
 
Unbiased 
We have built a data-driven algorithm for decision making to eliminate biases & human decision making. 
 
Revenue-based​ 
We purchase shares in your company that you buy-back based on the growth of your revenues.​ 
 
No collateral​ 
We don’t ask for any collateral. 
Who we finance 
Check out these criteria to see whether you are eligible for funding 
 
Registered as Limited 
You run a registered limited company in Kenya, Rwanda, Uganda, or Nigeria 
 
>10,000 EUR yearly revenues 
You have generated at least 10,000 EUR in the last 12 months 
 
Operational for 12-48 months 
You are beyond idea stage, but still early in your journey 
 
Well kept accounts 
Well-kept records of accounts, permits and licenses allowing you to operate 
 
Potential to scale 
Your business model can be scaled, i.e. grown regionally, or nationally 
Check out our FAQ  for more answers to the questions you might have 
Check FAQ
How it works 
1 
Create your account 
Provide a few details on your business, invite your Co-Founders and you are ready to get started. 
5 minutes
2 
Fill in your application 
Complete all the steps of the application process. These will be a mix of tests about yourself, your business skills and financial insights. You might invest a day, but this is the only steps to go through, before we will make a decision on investment offers. 
4-8 hours
3 
Receive your offer 
If you are shortlisted, we will conduct a comprehensive appraisal of your business. The better structured your business operations is the easier it will be for you to go through this process. 
1 month
only selected
4 
Join our network 
Once you sign your investment contract, you will get access to your individual dashboard with helpful analytics, and join our growing network of entrepreneurs. 
5 minutes
only selected
Success stories 
 
 
" 
Uncap has gone beyond an investor and has introduced us to their extended network and even nominated us to other programs that have been greatly beneficial to Kazi. Our cohort of investees has a group where we share wins and losses, share opportunities, and cheer each other on. This comradery is a benefit of being a part of Uncap, extras to being an investee that is invaluable. 
Annabel Angwenyi 
 
 
" 
Uncap was our first institutional investment which came at the right time, at the beginning of the pandemic. It really helped us in our product development, which thankfully, we were able to refine & improve. 
Hakeem Jimo 
Investment, mentorship and financial advise at your fingertips 
 
Smart, innovative early-stage funding 
With our investment you can kick-start your business. We buy a stake in your company but we want you to be in control of the business you’ve built, now and in 10 years. You buy-back your equity based on the growth of your revenues.   
 
Real-time financial analytics at your fingertips 
Your personal dashboard helps you keep your relevant financials in check, real-time and tailored to your needs.  
 
Curated resources and high class trainings to help you grow 
Our entrepreneurial platform gives you access to tools, resources as well as later-stage funding opportunities delivered in collaboration with our partners. 
 
						Uncap’s application process helped me learn more about myself as an entrepreneur and gave me ideas on how to run my business. Definitely unconventional.  					
						For the first time ever, I felt that I found a funding organization that truly gives entrepreneurs an equal opportunity for funding without bias. Especially for those without good oratory skills.  					
						Uncap’s application was one of the most insightful application experiences I have ever come across. It really involved critical thinking from my part as a founder. 					
						The application gets you thinking deeper about what it takes to own a successful business. There's definitely much more to it than just having a great idea and aligning with people who you'd want to work with and for you.  					
Apply for funding. 
And grow your business together with a community of like-minded founders. 
Join the waitlist
What we have done so far 
We have invested in 77 companies across several countries in sub-Saharan Africa as our pilot portfolio. Our founders are active in several sectors such as Agriculture, Education, Food & Beverages or Media & Entertainment. The founders we have invested in share a vision for entrepreneurship being a lever for bottom up growth in emerging economies. So do we.
 
77 
Portfolio companies 
7 
Countries 
8 
Sectors 
As seen on 
 
 
 
 
Sign up to stay posted! 
Want to join the fast growing entrepreneurial community at Uncap? 
Join the waitlist
 
 
Sign up to our newsletter to stay posted. 
Sign up
We value your privacy. 
© Uncap 2022 
Linkedin
 
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
 
Imprint
 
Privacy policy
 
Contact
 
Press
 
FAQ
 
 