We Automate Annotations at understand.ai
Product
References
About
Careers
Contact
dSPACE
Understand.ai
We Automate Annotations
Introducing the UAI Automation Engine for computer vision data annotation. The heart of our annotation tool was designed by AI-natives to cut costs and to accelerate the training and validation of autonomous driving technology.
Contact us
Certificate
DIN ISO 9001 Certification
understand.ai has received ISO 9001 certification - the most important international standard in quality management.
Read more
Events
dSPACE World Conference
Registration is now open for this year’s dSPACE World Conference. This international event will take place from May 24 – 25, 2023 in Munich.
Register now
Award
Frost & Sullivan Award Winner
Frost & Sullivan recognized understand.ai as one of the world’s top providers in AI-driven data annotation solutions.
Read more
Why the Industry Chooses Us
We are proud to work with the most innovative and technologically advanced mobility companies and suppliers. Let us introduce our team of experts to your next project.
Dr. Florian Faion
Research Scientist LiDAR Perception
Highly accurate annotation is an indispensable prerequisite for supervised machine learning. We rely on the labeling service and tools from understand.ai.
Lars Ehlkes
Machine Learning Engineer
EnBW Barriersystems appreciates the high quality of image annotations by understand.ai - the personal communication, fast response and fit of individual user needs combined with fair pricing is just outstanding!
Indrajit Sen
Vice President and Regional Head, DACH
There’s a lot of automation inside. The architecture of the UAI tooling takes full advantage of AI. The way it’s structured makes it scalable, able to support large teams of labelers and parallel annotation. It’s boosting our throughput capabilities and making our customers happy.
Prof. Veronika Cheplygina
Eindhoven University of Technology
understand.ai responded very quickly and were able to provide high-quality annotations within the same day, for an appropriate price. I would definitely recommend understand.ai to researchers in a similar position.
Darryl Keaton II
Founder and President
Data annotation can be difficult and expensive without a dependable partner, who’s easy to onboard with your needs. The willingness of understand.ai to take customer feedback and apply it quickly to the business and the flexibility of their tools for cost and throughput growth helped us to get us where we wanted.
Dr. Peter Schlicht
Project Manager AI-Technologies for automated driving
understand.ai is not only software, you also get a dedicated team that is knowledgeable and confident to exchange competencies and creative solution-oriented approaches, which definitely enriched our work
The Best Thing about understand.ai Is the People. They Make our Company Valuable.
See open positions
Product
References
About
Careers
Contact
dSPACE
LinkedIn
Scroll to top
            © Copyright 2022, understand.ai – Legal | Data Privacy Policy