 
Userlike: Live Chat Software for Websites and Messaging Apps
Toggle navigation
Close navigation
Channels
                                            Go back
                                        
                                            Website chat
                                        
                                            WhatsApp
                                        
                                            Facebook Messenger
                                        
                                            SMS
                                        
                                            Threema
                                        
                                            Telegram
                                        
                                            Instagram
                                            COMING SOON
Features
                                            Go back
                                        
                                            Message Center
                                        
                                            Chatbots
                                        
                                            Video calls
                                        
                                            Data Privacy & GDPR
                                        
                                            Add-ons
                                        
                                            Enterprise features
                                        
Customers
Pricing
Log in
Start free trial
en
                                            Go back
                                        
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Channels
Features
Customers
Pricing
Log in
Start free trial
en
                                Website chat
                                Bring modern messaging to your website
                                WhatsApp
                                Support customers on the  #1 messaging app
                                Facebook Messenger
                                Connect to the social network
                                SMS
                                The universal messaging channel
                                Threema
                                The most secure messaging app
                                Telegram
                                The popular alternative
                                Instagram
                                COMING SOON
Message with your followers
                                Message Center
                                Your shared messaging inbox
                                Chatbots & automation
                                Automate the right way
                                Video calls
                                Easily switch from chat to video
                                Data Privacy & GDPR
                                Born and hosted in Germany
                                Add-ons
                                Connect your favorite tools
                                Enterprise features
                                Tackle support at scale
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Login
Log in
Forgot your password?
Forgot your password?
Don’t worry, just enter your email address and set a new one.
Reset password
Ready to go 🚀
You can now log in.
Log in
Almost done 🚀
Log in now to complete the creation of your account.
Log in
Your password reset
Enter your new password.
Change password
Set password
Choose a password for your account.
Change password
        Introducing the AI Hub – Automate your customer service the right way. 
        
           Read more
        
Turn instant 
chats
into long-term
customers
                            Live chat software that keeps your customers close. Start the conversation on your website, stay in touch through messaging apps.
                        
Do these also come in blue?
...
                                    Yes, I can send you the link 🙂
                                
That’d be great!
Website chat
Chatbots
GDPR-compliant
WhatsApp & more
Start free trial
Get a demo
Do these also come in blue?
...
                                Yes, I can send you the link 🙂
                            
That’d be great!
Customer stories
                            Join the messaging movement
                        
Raising conversion
                    Watch now
                    
Generating leads
                    Watch now
                    
Improving customer experience
                    Watch now
                    
Creating that in-store feeling
                    Watch now
                    
Website chat
                            The best channel for getting in touch
                        
The leading website chat solution built for sales and support. With the Website Messenger you can assist your customers at every stage of the buyer journey. Smart chat features help you generate more leads and increase service efficiency.
Bring modern messaging
to your website
Explore the features
All-in-one messaging
                            The best channels for staying in touch
                        
Your customers love messaging. With Userlike, you’ll love it too. Whether they’re on your website, WhatsApp, Threema, Facebook Messenger or another app, all customer chats arrive in your Message Center – your cockpit for professional live chat support.
Always just a
message away
Explore the channels
Chatbots
                            Human creativity meets robot efficiency
                        
Add chatbots to the mix. Relieve your live chat team from answering repetitive questions, generate leads through chatbot funnels, be available 24/7, guide your customers to the right agent, and more.
Automate your
support and sales
Explore the chatbots
Trusted by 2,000+ companies
                            Hear from our customers
                        
4.4 on G2
Userlike
4.6 on Capterra
4.4 on OMR
                                    “It was the only tool that was approved by our data protection officer. It is super easy to implement. The support is awesome and super fast.”
                                
                                        Frank
                                        Head of Marketing @ TecArt GmbH
                                    
                                    “The direct contact with interested parties on the website works very well. The ease of use is particularly noteworthy and fun.”
                                
                                        Adam
                                        Projekt Manager @ WiredMinds GmbH
                                    
                                    “Enterprise-customized chat solution suitable for different scales.”
                                
                                        Emanuela
                                        Product Lead @ Nila TV GmbH media production
                                    
                                    “Userlike is a nice real-time chat or live chat software that is ideal for customer service. It offers many functions in a simple way, making the software easy to use.”
                                
                                        Markus
                                        Administator @ KatzGroup
                                    
                                    “Userlike gives me a good feeling because all data is stored on German servers and complies with the GDPR. The chat software is easy and intuitive to use, so that even employees from older generations quickly got to grips with it.”
                                
                                        Jana
                                        Marketing manager @ Stoffe Hemmers
                                    
                                    “Since the Privacy Shield was overturned, our data protection officer is quite strict about our tool selection. Therefore, we are super happy to be able to source such top tools as Userlike directly from Germany.”
                                
                                        Fabian
                                        Project Manager E-Commerce @ BBV-Domke e.K.
                                    
                                    “Best chat software - Made in Europe.”
                                
                                        Julian
                                        Marketing Manager @ WIFI Vorarlberg
                                    
                                    “Fast and intuitive chat and WhatsApp integration for the website.”
                                
                                        Stefan
                                        IT Lead @ Diakonie Michaelshoven
                                    
                                    “Privacy-compliant chat software.”
                                
                                        Marina
                                        Customer relationships @ WiredMinds GmbH
                                    
                                    “Userlike is very easy to integrate and offers various system options (bot, live chat, etc.). Another great advantage is the possibility to link different communication options and thus switch from a chatbot to another channel (e.g. transition to WhatsApp).”
                                
                                        Lars-Olof
                                        Full service provider
                                    
                                    “Brilliant chat tool that binds customers to us.”
                                
                                        Franz
                                        MH Consultings
                                    
                                    “Extremely easy to set up. You are guided by the support (shoutout to Bea!) very much by the hand, so that Userlike is set up quickly and nothing can go wrong.”
                                
                                        Daniel
                                        Herosan Healthcare GmbH
                                    
                                    “A very comprehensible tool. The chat works promptly, is very helpful and friendly.”
                                
                                        Christoph
                                        Graphic Designer @ DAS AGENTURHAUS Werbe und Marketing GmbH
                                    
                                    “Good software with brilliant customer support.”
                                
                                        Mirina
                                        Junior Social Media Manager
                                    
                                    “Userlike is my favorite chat plugin, as the installation is quick and easy and the Dashboard offers many settings that add real value to the website.”
                                
                                        Tobias
                                        Webmaster
                                    
                                    “Very good chat plugin, the clear and extensive Dashboard is especially convincing.”
                                
                                        SEO Manager @ Suchhelden
                                    “Fantastic live chat software.”
                                
                                        Administrator in leisure, travel & tourism
                                    “We have been using Userlike ever since launching our new website and it is exactly what we were looking for. You can adjust just about every part of the chat plugin to your needs. It is easy to use for our staff. Whenever we have questions Userlike’s support is quick and helpful.”
                                
                                        Benedict S.
                                    “Userlike offers many options to customize the live chat to individual requirements and wishes. What’s more, Userlike’s customer support is really great. Immediately after registration, proactive support is offered, which we took advantage of. The employee was very competent and could answer all our questions.”
                                
                                        Jasmin D.
                                        Marketing assitant
                                    
                                    “Very good chat software.”
                                
                                        Administrator in law practice
                                    “Well-designed and easy-to-use live chat software for your website.”
                                
                                        Andreas S.
                                        CEO
                                    
                                    “Great live chat software and extraordinary customer support.”
                                
                                        Administrator in furniture industry
                                    “Simple, easy and user friendly web chat service.”
                                
                                        Fred J.
                                    “Userlike is a very clear and well-structured software. I can only recommend it.”
                                
                                        Halis H.
                                        CEO
                                    
                                    “We discovered Userlike among the list of the best chat on the web for professional integration. Tested from every angle, it’s a powerful tool with the right price, compared to the competitors. The use remains efficient and functional, nothing complicated.”
                                
                                        Samuel M.
                                    “Powerful messaging tool with plenty of functions and possibilities.”
                                
                                        Administrator in financial services
                                    “Beautiful real-time chat software developed for web and mobile.”
                                
                                        Brayan Agostinho D.
                                        SOA consultant
                                    
                                    “There’s a lot ‘under the hood’. If you read the Userlike web site and don’t delve into the documentation, you’d be forgiven for thinking it’s quite light on features, so I’d encourage you to read up. It is actually both broad and deep in feature set. We’ve also found while setting this up that the Userlike support team take their own medicine - even though we’re only on the free trial so far, being able to reach out to a support person via live chat is effortless and quick.”
                                
                                        Nick T.
                                        Managing director
                                    
                                    “I use this for web chat on a busy site - does a great job.”
                                
                                        James S.
                                        CEO
                                    
                                    “Pros: + Very good usability + All texts can be customized / translated + Working times can be defined + API + Very good live chat support from Userlike + GDPR compliance.”
                                
                                        Philipp B.
                                        Online marketing manager, consumer goods
                                    
                                    “Userlike is a well thought-out and user-friendly tool for live chat and messaging support.”
                                
                                        Maximilian Reichlin
                                        Head of Content @ trusted
                                    
                                    “Best tool for support and monitoring the customers’ responses.”
                                
                                        Anonymous
                                    “Super easy software, good to understand, simple integration. Just GREAT!!!”
                                
                                        Anonymous
                                    “Best solution for website and mobile support. Great chat, informative and user friendly backend, easy integration and multichannel including social media.”
                                
                                        Anonymous
Data privacy & GDPR
Userlike is a GDPR-compliant chat solution, born and hosted in Germany.
Learn more
Professional services
Connect with our messaging experts and trainers to maximize the success of your new customer channels.
Learn more
API & documentation
Seamlessly integrate Userlike into your customer experience. Just follow our tutorials and documentation.
Full documentation
Your customers are waiting...
Ready to get started?
Start free trial
14 days of Team features
No credit card needed
Easy 5-minute setup
Auto-switch to Free after trial
Product
Features
Add-ons
Messenger channels
The WhatsApp channel
The Facebook Messenger channel
Chatbots & automation
Data privacy & GDPR
Enterprise
Benefits
Customer satisfaction
Customer loyalty
Customer feedback
Service efficiency
Leads and conversions
Resources
Professional services
Partner program
Support
API
Papers & Cases
Tutorials
FAQ
Uptime
Status
Company
Team
JobsWe’re hiring!
Blog
Customers
Press
Digital Conversation League
Legal
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Cookie settings
@2023 Userlike