Find a suitable volunteering opportunity or volunteers in your local community | vostel.de
FAQ
Sign in
Sign up
EN
DE
The online volunteering platform with a heart
Donate time and things with vostel.de
 
Urgent Calls
 Support our inclusive beach day
Stiftung Unionhilfswerk Berlin - Freiwilligenmanagement -
Mitte, Berlin
Digital mentoring for economically disadvantaged seniors
KULTURISTENHOCH2 | Stiftung Generationen-Zusammenhalt
Hamburg
Injury actor (m/f/d) for realistic emergency presentation
Arbeiter-Samariter-Bund Landesverband Berlin e.V.
Bezirk Marzahn-Hellersdorf, Berlin
 
All volunteering opportunities
In-kind donation requests
Food / Food donation
Advent-Café
Berlin
Food for dog, cat, hamster, rabbit, donkey, sheep etc.
Pfötchenglück Gifhorn e.V
Gifhorn
Salad bowls or mixing bowls
himmelbeet
berlin
All donation requests
vostel.de news
 
Sign up for newsletter
About vostel.de
 
We are vostel
We are a small, Berlin-based social enterprise with a big dream: We envision a world where everyone contributes to a better, more sustainable future according to their abilities and regardless of how much time they have, what language they speak or what skills they bring with them. This is why we offer a wide range of volunteering opportunities at various non-profit organisations at vostel.de. We provide concrete possibilities for individuals, especially for the younger generation, to become socially engaged and help create a better world.
Since our founding in 2015, we have been able to match 31132 volunteers with 1530 social organisations through vostel.de.
In addition to recruiting volunteers and advising non-profit organisations on all aspects of their volunteer management, we help companies plan and implement rewarding corporate volunteering activities. 
We're supporting non-profits Germany-wide, including Berlin, Bonn, Cologne, Darmstadt, Dusseldorf, the region of Frankfurt Main, Hamburg, Leipzig, Munich, Nuremberg, Stuttgart and Wiesbaden. In addition, we cooperate with organisations from all over Germany that are looking specifically for volunteers that support them online/remotely.
            31132
          
Volunteers
            6789
          
VolunteeringOpportunities
            1530
          
Non-Profits
      About the vostel team
For non-profit-organisations
Are you looking for volunteers for your initiative or organisation?
      Whether it's to support your daily operations or to implement new ideas – vostel.de offers you a quick and easy way to find helping hands and creative minds all over Germany, including Berlin, Bonn, Dusseldorf, Darmstadt, the Frankfurt Main area, Hamburg, Cologne, Leipzig, the Munich area, Nuremberg, Stuttgart and Wiesbaden.We will gladly advise you and your organisation on various topics, including volunteer management, digital volunteering, young volunteers or ways to build meaningful collaborations with companies – either personally or as part of our nationwide workshops.
      
    
      Find volunteers
For companies
Are you looking for Corporate Volunteering opportunities for your team or company?
      We create a tailored Volunteering & Commitment Programme that suits your individual company needs and can achieve the biggest impact possible – on both, your employees and the social projects in your city.
      
    
      More about Corporate Volunteering
The vostel Blog.News, Opinions and Best Practice about Volunteering
 
05/04/2023
9 questions that will help you to find your volunteering opportunity
 
07/02/2023
Earthquake emergency aid for Turkey & Syria | How you can help with donations (in-kind)
 
04/01/2023
Phone, Laptop, Tablet – How to donate and recycle old devices!
 
 
      visit the blog-stel
News about us, from us, to you.
NEWS ABOUT US, FROM US, TO YOU. AS FREQUENTLY AS NECESSARY, AS RARELY AS POSSIBLE.
      In our newsletter we send you current volunteering opportunities as well as news on inspiring & exciting projects from our vostel world.
      
    
      Newsletter sign-up
 
Contact
vostel volunteering UG
(haftungsbeschränkt)
Elsenstraße 82
12059 Berlin
M 
T +49 (0)30 682 248 88
Skype: vostel.berlin
 
 
 
 
Press
Jobs
Terms and Conditions
Data Privacy
Imprint
Your privacy is important to us!
We use cookies and analysis tools to help us optimize our website and provide you with a better volunteering experience. These allow us to analyze important features and volunteering opportunities. You can find more information in our privacy policy. Thank you for your consent.
OK, I agree