Vulkanic
Create an account |
					Forgot your password?
Thanks for signing up! Please check your e-mail in order to confirm your account.
				
Sign In |
					Forgot your password?
Password reset requested! Please check your e-mail for further instructions.
				
Sign In |
					Create an account
Our Games
About Us
My Account
ALTERA
Faction-based hardcore troop FPS and RPG.Closed Alpha starts on June 10, 2023.
GET ALPHA ACCESS
WATCH TRAILER
Digital copy of the game
Closed Alpha access
Unique robot Sparky
White robot skin
Backer in-game badge
Backer Discord role
Access to backer polls
Name in game credits
Standard
 Digital copy of the game
 Closed Alpha access
 Unique robot Sparky
 White robot skin
 Backer in-game badge
 Backer Discord role
 Access to backer polls
 Name in game credits
When buying you agree to the EULA
Subscribe to not miss the alpha start!
We will send you important game news and updates!
FAQ
 How can I redeem my pre-order key?
First of all sign in on the website
						or create a new account if you don't have one.
After signing in navigate to the Redeem page in your profile and use the form for redeeming your key.
						Upon success the game package you purchased will appear in your Library.
On the package page you will find complete information about your pre-order as well as keys for unlocking the game on Steam.
 How can I get access to the Closed Alpha?
All people who pre-order the game will get secured access to the Closed Alpha.
 When will the Closed Alpha start?
The Closed Alpha will start on June 10th, 2023.
 On what platform will the Closed Alpha run?
The Closed Alpha will be playable on Steam.
 When will the game release?
We haven't announced the release date yet. The game is currently in active development and will release when it's ready.
						We are regularly releasing devlogs on our YouTube channel
						to notify our community about the progress of development.
 When will I receive my pre-order rewards?
The keys for unlocking your exclusive rewards will become available in your Library
						prior to the official game release. You will be able to redeem these keys inside the game.
 How to submit my name for the in-game credits?
Go to your Library page and click on a specific game package.
						On the next page you will find the form for entering your name for the in-game credits.
 What are the system requirements for the game?
Although we're pushing real-time rendering to its limits, the game is still designed to run fairly well on lower-end hardware.
						Final system requirements will be revealed prior to the Early Access release.
 I backed the game in the past. How can I participate in the Closed Alpha?
If you are a backer this means you already have a premade Vulkanic account which is bound to the e-mail you used for backing the game.
						You should have received an e-mail with instructions how to access your account.
If you haven't received such an e-mail for some reason you can regain access to your account
						by simply resetting your password.
						Just make sure to type the actual e-mail you used for backing the game.
After signing in you will be able to access your Library
						containing all the information about the game packages you own as well as keys for unlocking the game on Steam.
If you have any issues with accessing you account or a game package doesn't appear in your Library, please contact us.
About Us.
We are a fully remote game studio working on a harcore troop FPS ALTERA.
Legal Notice |
						Privacy Policy |
						EULA |
						Contact
Vulkanic UG (haftungsbeschränkt) © 2023.
All rights reserved.
Xsolla is an authorized global
distributor of ALTERA