x-cardiac GmbH | Artificial Intelligence for the ICU
top of pagex-cardiacProductsx-c-bleedingx-c-renal-injuryKHZGAboutNewsJobsMoreUse tab to navigate through the menu items.Try demo
Creating the next generation
of digital biomarkersWe are your experts for clinical decision support in cardiac intensive care units.OUR TEAM
Our first CE-certified
AI product x-c-bleeding aims to
prevent life-threatening complications
after heart surgery.100% interoperablex-cardiac products integrate seamlessly into the hospital IT system.Clinically validatedWe develop algorithms that
proved their superior performance in clinical studies.Real-time predictionx-cardiac detects complications right from the patient’s ICU admission allowing for rapid intervention.We can support you with predicting these indications:Post-Operative Bleeding
 
x-c-bleeding™  targets postoperative bleeding, the key reason for postoperative mortality.
​
Learn more about x-c-bleeding:X-C-BLEEDING
Renal Injury (coming soon)
 
x-c-renal-injury™  is currently in development and targets early detection of renal injury, one of the most prevalent postoperative complications.Try Demo
With our products, you can add a layer of clinically meaningful information to your hospital database system.Lay the foundation for a new kind of laboratory. With x-cardiac's products you enhance your familiar IT system with a data laboratory for real-time digital biomarkers.OUR PRODUCTS
The x-cardiac approach is massively scalable for many indications and different ICUs.GET IN TOUCH
x-cardiac 
news23/04/26
​
University Hospital Freiburg relies on x-cardiac technology in clinical routine.22/09/21
​
Deutsches Herzzentrum Berlin wird x-cardiac-Pilotkunde.22/07/04
​
Künstliche Intelligenz erkennt Komplikationen bevor sie auftreten. 
Our DNA: Scientifically proven and clinically validated
​
Science is in our genes. Not only was x-cardiac co-founded by two of the leading scientists in the field of clinical application of AI. We also stay true to the promise of science, that is: 'Science is based on evidence'. Right from the start, we have maintained close professional and personal contacts to our clinical research partners like the German Heart Center Berlin (DHZB) and the Charité Berlin. Together we continue to improve the standard - precisely tailored to our customers' needs.x-cardiac on TV
​
The basic idea behind x-cardiac explained in this 5-minute TV report by German TV station SWR (audio in German).
​
Source: aus der Sendung vom Do, 2.5.2019 22:00 Uhr, odysso - Wissen im SWR, SWR Fernsehen. 
Autor/in: Dirk Beppler für SWR Odysso. 
Online: Rebecca Müller-Hocke. 
Link zur Seite des SWR.Let's connect.Addressx-cardiac GmbH
Kurfürstendamm 57
10707 BerlinEmailcontact@xcardiac.comLinkedinImpressum & Privacy Policy© 2022-2023 by x-cardiac GmbH.The quality management system of
x-cardiac GmbH is certified according to DIN EN ISO 13485.bottom of page